>ECK120016576_yraPp2_forward_3296072_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong_Sig24
aacggagcggcccagcttacctgccattgcactaaatactgataatgttgtcttaacggcGattgccaacgatcgcttaca
>ECK125137678_yraRp1_reverse_3299012_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
aatcacttcgtgtccggctttacggaactcgtctgcgggtgaagtaaattctgaatc
ctcAaattcatcagtgattaaaac
>ECK125137762_yrfFp6_forward_3526274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
aattgcatgttatttacatttatgtaacttaataaataatcgtcctcaaatcaaatt
aaaAgtcaataggttgaaataact
>ECK125137786_yrhBp9_forward_3584720_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
agcatttaataatatctttgacgaagatgaacgcgtctttgctcaatgtatcacaca
ggaAtaataatataacactcaaca
>ECK125137851_ysaBp1_reverse_3725902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
tagtggtgtgaatcatcaccaccattaaacacgctatccctcgcaggttatcaatcc
agtAaattttgggctgcatctgtg
>ECK125138046_ytfHp6_forward_4434104_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
gtcttgtgtttaaatacgctaacacctaaacttacttttagtaagtacgtacaaaaa
ggtAagtatgaaatgagtcaggtt
>ECK120010005_ytfJp_reverse_4439286_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong_Sig24
gcgggaaattcgataaatagcacatatgattaaaactcagacccaagtggtcggatc
accTgcatatcataagaaggaaac
>ECK125138053_ytfQp6_forward_4449817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig24
ttttaagacggtatacagagcaggaaaatccataaccgtagccgcatttttcatagtgagAtgaaagcgattacaaacttg
>ECK125137714_aaeBp3_reverse_3388263_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaccagcaagagaacatctggcctgcgggcaccactgctacagtggtggtcactgg
caaAcaagatcgcgacgaaagcca
>ECK125137420_acpSp2_reverse_2701137_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaagttaacgccggacacggtctgacct
atcAcaacgtgaaagccattgccg
>ECK125137421_acpSp3_reverse_2701162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagagctggcgcgtatcgccaaagccgcgacctttgccgcaagcctcggtctgaaa
gttAacgccggacacggtctgacc
>ECK120016719_ahpFp_forward_639002_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tagatgtccttgattaacaccaaaattaaaccttttaaaaaccaggcattcaaaaac
ggcGaattcatcgaaatcaccgaa
>ECK125137463_alaEp1_forward_2799070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattttatctacaaaaactgactaaataaaaatttttcactaattgattagtcatag
ccaGcgatatacgctatgcgaaaa
>ECK125137369_alaXp2_reverse_2518279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgcctgatttttcagcgattgaaactacacgttgcaatttgccgttgacacatt
cggGcggaattcatatgatgccgc
>ECK125136365_ampDp5_forward_118681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagggttatagcggcgaggcggcatgttaaaactccagatagctaacgaatcataag
gtaGaaacatgctactctgaaccg
>ECK125136491_ampGp5_reverse_453627_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatcgccgatgcggttaacagtgtgctgaccgataccatcgctgatatgtctcag
gacAccagcatccacgaattcatc
>ECK125136359_apaHp4_reverse_51293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcaatcattgaaaccccgctgggcaccatgcagggtcactacgaaatgatcgatg
aaaAtggcgtccctttcagcatcg
>ECK125137294_apbEp1_reverse_2311594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagttctaatctcgattgatatcgaacaaagggcctgcgggcccttttttcattgtt
ttcAgcgtacaaactcagtttttt
>ECK125136669_aqpZp2_reverse_916212_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctaaaggattaaatcttttgcgtgcactacactgtcaatcagacaaatgactatat
gggGcaacccgctgttgccctaaa
>ECK125137992_arpAp1_reverse_4222629_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acttttattaactcagcattatttttaaacatcaaaccacttaattattaacaaaat
cgcAagatctcattccaccgaaac
>ECK125137076_astEp3_reverse_1827069_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgggcggtgaatccggcggtgatgatgaacgatacgctgtttaatgcgctcaatga
ctgGgtggatcgttactaccgcga
>ECK125136915_azoRp1_reverse_1482873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtggcaggattgtgaataaagtgtcaacaagcaacggggcatcgcccattcaaaca
tctAtaaggaaacaccatgagcaa
>ECK125136916_azoRp6_reverse_1482927_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctatgcgttgttcaataaattcgaacataggcttcgatttattgcgctatctctgt
ggcAggattgtgaataaagtgtca
>ECK120009966_bacAp_reverse_3204175_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagaaaataattaattttacagctgttaaaccaaacggttataacctggtcatacg
cagTagttcggacaagcggtacat
>ECK120010006_bamAp_forward_197821_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgctgttccttgcgatcgaaaagatcaagggcggaccggtatccgagcgggttcaa
gacTtttgttatcgcattggctcg
>ECK120016583_bamAp2_forward_197026_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological 　replicates]_Strong
gcggaagcacaaattgcaccaggtacggaactaaaagccgtagatggtatcgaaacg
cctGattgggatgccgtgcgtttg
>ECK120016567_bamBp_reverse_2638975_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaatacttatggtgcgctggcttctttggaacttgcgcagcaatttgttgacaaaaa
tgaActagagaaagctgccgccca
>ECK120009993_bamCp_reverse_2599014_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgcgttattaatcagcgtctgatgccattacacaacaaactatttgtcgaacccaa
tccAatcccggtgaaatgggcatg
>ECK120010008_bamDp_forward_2736006_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctgatctaagcgttgaccgagttggttttcggacaccgttgcagtgagctgtactcg
ttgTgccatatatactgcttcttc
>ECK120016572_bamDp2_forward_2735961_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttattcgcgaacgtgaataatccgggaacatttcggccaaagcctgatctaagcg
ttgAccgagttggttttcggacac
>ECK120009964_bamEp_forward_2753486_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggcgaatgcgaaagaactgcttgcagcgtaaacttttttcctgcttcacggtcagag
taaAcagcaaaacgccgtaagacc
>ECK120016566_bepAp1_forward_2616068_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gccgttacactcaaaggcggcgcggtgggaacgatatttcacagtatcggtcaaatg
actAtctccagaaatacaggatag
>ECK125135037_bhsAp_forward_1169033_[HTTIM|S|High-through put transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
taaaaaatatcttgtatgtgatccagatcacatctatcatttagttatcgatcgtta
agtAattgcttgcgacgtcattca
>ECK125137842_bisCp4_reverse_3716415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagattattcctgggaatactcggaaatttgtaagtaatatttaactgctcaataca
tctAacctttcaggagtcttcggt
>ECK125137288_ccmHp1_reverse_2292621_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcagggcatccgcgtggtcggcatgaactataaagacgatcgccagaaggcaatca
gctGgctgaaagagctgggcaatc
>ECK125137074_chbGp4_reverse_1817242_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaatttaacgatgtgttactggcgctaaaccttagtccgttggtgcattccgatc
gcgAtgctgagctgctggcacgcg
>ECK125136563_citTp4_reverse_646632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atctcagtccaggcggcagtgctgacctactgatccttacctggtttttagcacaga
tttAattatttaagcacttgataa
>ECK125137207_cldp9_reverse_2098310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcctatagcattcacgaggattatcgctaaactatgcggacttggaaatttccgtca
gttAgggtaatgatgagagtagaa
>ECK120033258_clpXp_forward_457202_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological 　replicates]_Strong
attctgaaagttaaagggcgcatgaatgaacttatggcgcttcatacgggtcaatca
ttaGaacagattgaacgtgatacc
>ECK125136579_cobCp7_reverse_669944_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggtgaatcatgtgaggatttattgccggaaccggtactgacttacattaaccaac
aagGcttgtatcgctgatacctgt
>ECK125137971_cpxAp1_reverse_4105101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatctgggtcaggtggtttcccgtgaacatttaagccaggaagtgttgggcaaacg
cctGacgcctttcgaccgcgctat
>ECK125136566_crcBp4_reverse_658008_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagatgtaacagcaaactgtcctgcggcaaccagcattgccacctcctgtcagagt
cgtAaaattcgccaacgacgatta
>ECK125136734_csgGp1_reverse_1101755_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccaaccgcgatggtcaattgcagttgaacgtgacagatcgtaaaaccggacaaacc
tcgAccatccaggtttcgggttta
>ECK125137460_csiRp3_forward_2795471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaattctgcgagcagaaggaagcgaaattcgcttgcgaatgtggctttatccgtgg
ctcAcctggctagtcatcggcttt
>ECK125136998_cspFp8_forward_1641846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaaaaaactatagctttcttcaggaacgtgtgtatagtgcgccaagttatcagtat
taaGgaatttttttgtcccgtaaa
>ECK125136716_cspHp13_reverse_1051373_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcaaacagggctttaatacagaaactacttagtgttcaggagagagactcaaaag
aagGggataatgcctgataatgag
>ECK125136717_cspHp14_reverse_1051304_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgataatgagaactgctttagtaaactactttgtatgctgtctgtctttcaaacc
gacGcagctattaacgcatgataa
>ECK120034942_cyaRp_forward_2167114_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two　　enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent  biological replicates]_Strong
tggaaaattcttagaaaccgatcacatacagctgcatttattaaggttatcatccgt
ttcGctgaaaaacataacccataa
>ECK125136920_cybBp5_forward_1490761_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactttactcatggttttctcctgtcaggaacgttcggatgaaaattgatcctttc
caaGcttagaccaggatggcggga
>ECK125136674_cydCp5_reverse_929400_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatccctgttcgctattactgttggatgaacccgctgccagccttgatgctcacag
tgaAcagcgcgtaatggaggcgct
>ECK125137379_cysZp1_forward_2531383_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaactttcacagcacaaagatagatgaaatcgtgctttttgctgttttttcgaac
ataTcctaactgtccattgcgcaa
>ECK125136574_dacAp2_reverse_663967_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggtagtgcatttgctatagtagggcacttttttaattccatcacggatgtcgtagt
tcaGaccatgaataccattttttc
>ECK125136884_dbpAp2_forward_1409338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagagtccacccaatgaccagagggaaatatgacgacacttatttatttgcaaatt
cctGtccctgaaccgattcctggc
>ECK125137803_dcrBp1_forward_3609767_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtagcccggatgcctttatggctgaacactggatggaaatcgcgctggtcgatt
actGtttcaaagtgttaatcagta
>ECK125137684_deaDp1_reverse_3307909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaatacacctactttgagccggttcacacttttcaatgaaaattgctgatcaattt
catGatgagttatgtagactggcc
>ECK120010283_degPp_forward_180845_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttaccttttgcagaaactttagttcggaacttcaggctataaaacgaatctgaaga
acaCagcaattttgcgttatctgt
>ECK120009990_dsbCp_reverse_3038834_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
accgagcgtctgcggcaacttcatcaacagcatcacccgcgggcgtgatgtctgaaa
agaAcgggaagatttatgaagaaa
>ECK120016573_dsbCp2_reverse_3039633_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ggaaaaaaatctggctgaaaatacgttgaacgcttaccgtcgcgatctgtcaatgat
ggtGgagtggttgcatcaccgcgg
>ECK125136388_dxrp1_forward_193471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaactgatgcagttctgatttcttgaacgacaaaaacgccgctcagtagatccttg
cggAtcggctggcggcgttttgct
>ECK125136391_dxrp5_forward_193411_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acagaaactgactgatgctgcaatcaagaaaattgaagcggcgctggcagacaaaga
agcAgaactgatgcagttctgatt
>ECK125137315_elaAp4_reverse_2381686_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctgatgctgggtgccttcaccgcagtcaaacaaccaaagtccgctctgggtcggat
gttGcaggttaagcaatattgccg
>ECK125136693_elfAp6_forward_997765_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttcagttaatatttaaatattcatgaaatctataaattaaagatttgtcactta
ttgGatttagtatgcttgatttaa
>ECK125136696_elfDp1_forward_998321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccatcacgccagacacagaaaccgggaacattttgttgcaggatggagatcagacg
ttgActtttaaagttgattatatc
>ECK125137358_emrYp1_reverse_2482334_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttctcttgatccaaaagaactcatggaacaccccttgcgtattggtttatcgatg
acaGcaactattgatacgaagaac
>ECK125137730_envRp11_reverse_3413487_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaatacacattaggtgatagattaaccttcgctattttctcactctgtgtcgaat
ataTttatttcctgaataattaat
>ECK125137732_envRp13_reverse_3413601_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcagaattaaaacctcgtaaattgaaatatatattgatgtagtgaatgtatcttagg
taaAtaatatatattatttattta
>ECK125108721_eptBp_reverse_3710581_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tttgtgcttcatgcacactctttccccacactttttccctttgctgtggtctactta
ttcGcgcgtgtagattttacttat
>ECK120016711_essDp_forward_576873_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttaattttttcatcgtgagccctttttttgaactattattaaaaaatgatgtcactg
cgcGataaatattcatctaatcaa
>ECK125136709_etkp1_reverse_1044303_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caatgctgtttgggcaatggctggaacagaaagagatcccggatccctatcgtaaaa
gtcAggacgcatttgaacatgtct
>ECK125136494_fadMp1_forward_464360_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accctgtaattaatttgcatagtggcaattttttgccagactgaagaggtcatacca
gttAtgacctctgtacttataaca
>ECK125136532_fimZp3_reverse_564607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatggcttttgatctggttgctgaacaagtgaacgaccgcgtctgattttctgat
ttaTttcgctatagcggcaaacaa
>ECK120010508_fkpAp1_reverse_3477525_[IHBCE|W|Inferred by a human based on computational evidence],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gagacagcactcatttcgcggtcatcgaaactaatttaaacaaaaagagtctgaaaa
tagAtgataatagggcgtgtctgt
>ECK125136749_flgNp1_reverse_1129914_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccggcagcagtgatatcaatcttgaacgtgtcgaagcgttaaaactggcgattc
gtaAcggtgaactaaaaatggaca
>ECK125138032_frdDp1_reverse_4379473_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgctgcacaccaaaacctggtttgaactggcaccgaaagcggccaatatcattgt
aaaAgacgaaaaaatgggaccaga
>ECK125138033_frdDp2_reverse_4379433_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggccaatatcattgtaaaagacgaaaaaatgggaccagagccaattatcaaaagt
ctcTgggcggtaactgtggttgcc
>ECK125136387_frrp6_forward_192849_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttaatcagggctatacttagcacacttccactgtgtgtgactgtctggtctgact
gagAcaagttttcaaggattcgta
>ECK120016720_ftnBp_forward_1986775_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atttcatcaatgaaatgtaaaaatatataaacttgatgatttaagcattttcttata
cccGttcagacgttattcttattt
>ECK125137687_ftsHp1_reverse_3327102_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtttcgatgagtatctaagggaaattcgctccctgtttacgaaggtcaaag
ttcGtaagccggactcttctcgtg
>ECK125137594_ftsPp1_reverse_3162851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgcacaacggtctggtgattgtcgaaatgctgccgccaattgacgtcagtcagtat
ggcAaagatcaggttcgtgagctg
>ECK125137792_ftsXp3_reverse_3602252_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttggcattgcccgcgcggtggtgaacaagcccgcggtactgctggcggacgaaccg
actGgtaacctggacgacgcgctg
>ECK120010066_fusAp_reverse_3473685_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gataaatccatggctctgcgcctggcgaacgaactttctgatgctgcagaaaacaaa
ggtActgcagttaagaaacgtgaa
>ECK125136969_gadCp1_reverse_1570584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacgtttaacggtaacggtgtcccgaaacgaacccgtttcgggacaatttccaaag
tctGttcactggcattagcaacgg
>ECK125136970_gadCp5_reverse_1570527_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgttcactggcattagcaacggaaaatattgttctgaatacgcttcagaacaaaa
cagGtgcggttccgacaggaatac
>ECK125136711_gfcAp1_reverse_1049834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttacgcaccaccccgtcagtagctgaacaggagggacagctgatagaaacagaa
gccActggagaacctcaaaaacac
>ECK125137779_glgXp3_reverse_3571419_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgtgaaatcctcaataccgattccatgcactatcacggcagtaatgcaggcaatg
gcgGcacggtacacagcgatgaga
>ECK125137618_glnEp1_reverse_3199698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgctattgcgaccgggcaacgcatcgaaattgaacatttccgtaatgaggcaaaca
atcAggaaccgttctggttgcaca
>ECK125138010_gltPp1_forward_4294378_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagctctgttgttaaagggttgcgcaacataccgcgcaaatgatactgatcataagc
gttAaaaaaatctacaaaccaacg
>ECK125138012_gltPp8_forward_4294268_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcactaatcagtattattgcagattaaacaaataaaaatctttccataacaaatg
gttAttcattaatcctgccataaa
>ECK125136380_gluQp1_reverse_160143_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcatcgactgcaaaacgctggctgaaattcgcgaaaaacagatggctggctaatt
acaGccgttccatcacgtttacca
>ECK125137586_gprp1_forward_3147781_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcggttaaacgcggcatcgttgcactcctcagttggtgtttttttaagcaaagc
ataAgcacgtatttttgcccagtt
>ECK125137873_gpsAp8_reverse_3783681_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggttaacttcgatgcgctgttcatgaactatttgcagcagcaggctggcgaaggt
actGaagaacatcaggatgcctga
>ECK120016577_greAp2_reverse_3328853_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccctataaagtaaacgatgacccttcgggaacttcagggtaaaatgactatcaaaat
gtgAattgtagctgacctgggact
>ECK120016717_gspAp4_reverse_3455634_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
atggaaataattcacattaaaaataatcgaccctatgcttataaatataatcaatat
attGatggcagcatctttattatg
>ECK125137488_gudDp1_reverse_2919513_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgatgcgcccggtctgggcgtggaactggactgggaacaggtacaaaaggcacat
gagGcctataaacgtctgcctggc
>ECK125137414_hcaTp1_reverse_2667863_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcgaatattcttatttttcaacttgcaccaacattcgattaaccccagactaacg
cctCctgacgggagggactcatgg
>ECK120033255_hcpp2_reverse_914129_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcggcgttttttaatgatctggcccgtgaactgattgctattatgttgatccctgg
gctGattcgccgcagccgctctac
>ECK125136666_hcrp3_reverse_912200_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgacaccagacctgctggcggtgctgaacgagaaattcggcctgcgttctatc
accActgttgaagaagacatgaag
>ECK125137633_higAp8_reverse_3234341_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cataaaacggagttggtggctctggggaacacgattgctaagggatatttcaaaaaa
cctGagtcattaaaagcagtattc
>ECK120009992_hlpAp_forward_200455_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation  mapping]_Strong
cgatgactttaggcgatcaatataagatcgccgggccacgcaaagaactgcaccctc
cggTgcaaatgggatggtaaggag
>ECK125137848_hokAp6_reverse_3720810_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcactaacgcctttaggtttgggaattaaacctttttctccatgtttttcatag
aggGcaacccatgtcctgacctgg
>ECK120035105_hokEp_forward_607731_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaagggtaagataacggcgggtgcctgaagctttccggtttcaggtttactctgagg
tctGgaaagatgaagccccaggag
>ECK125138102_hsdSp1_reverse_4581502_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgtctgaactggatgcgctgatgcgtgaactgggggcgagcgatgaggccgatt
tgcAgcgtcagttgctggaagaag
>ECK125137532_hyuAp1_forward_3009919_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcccgggtaaagaacctgaagcgcatgcacctaacgaaaaaacctggaaatctcac
ctgGtgacctgtgccgcgatgtac
>ECK125137533_hyuAp6_forward_3009830_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttggcaaagcgccggttgttgataagtggaccttctcaactaacggcgtatctatca
tggGccgtcacggcattccggtga
>ECK125137477_iapp6_forward_2876544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttcgggcgtttaggaagatttgaaattgttttagcgcagcggcagtttcatact
atgGcggtaaaaaaatttgcatgg
>ECK125122036_ibaGp2_reverse_3336886_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggcgttaaccgcctgtccggcaaacctgcctgcaagtcgagccttgtctgattt
atcAgcgaggctttttgcttattt
>ECK120010013_impp3_reverse_57336_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ggccacgccaatgatttttccccaatactgcatatattccccaaatcgacacacgga
tatCagggctatctcccacaatat
>ECK125136474_insFp4_reverse_392660_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgtgaactggagatgtctaccgagattgcacgtctcaaacgccagctggcagaac
gggAtgaagagctggctatcctcc
>ECK125136595_insHp3_reverse_689205_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaatattctcctatccaactttggcacatctattgctttgttatacaaggcaaacc
ctgAaacagcatcagtacaaccta
>ECK125137849_insJp4_forward_3720594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaggtgaaaaataaaagcgtgaaacaaatcactattaaagaaagtaatctatatt
tctGcggcattcccagcctcctgt
>ECK120015517_insKp_forward_3721065_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aagctggtttacgcgcgctcaagattggcaccaaaagaaacattgcaatatcagttg
atcCagaaaaagcggcatcagcat
>ECK125136533_intDp6_reverse_566101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcgaaaaaatggacgaggcactggctgaaattggttttgtatttggggagcaatg
gcgAtgacgcatcctcacgataat
>ECK125136886_intRp4_reverse_1413260_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcctttaggtaagccagacagcaaacgagggattatctggtacaactatccaaag
ataAatcagtttatcaaagactca
>ECK125137383_intZp3_forward_2558693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccttaaactgatatacattgccgaacaatgtggtctttagtttcataagtcgttcc
ctcAggaagaatcgatgattggca
>ECK125137410_iscAp6_reverse_2659962_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaccgatattgctgaagaacttgaactgccgccggtgaaaattcactgttctatt
ctgGcagaagacgcgatcaaagcc
>ECK125137400_ispGp1_reverse_2641880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagtacagatccagtatcaagggaaacctgtcgatctgagtcgttttatcagaa
ctaAccaggttgcgcgtctgaccc
>ECK125137401_ispGp4_reverse_2641950_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcgtaaagacggtaatttgaacttaaccggccaggcaccgtacaaactgaaa
attGgtgcgccagccgcagtacag
>ECK125137118_kdgRp1_reverse_1910253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggggcaatggcaggccgtcggcctgaacttttggcataggaattttatatctttgg
tgaAtaatcaacaggggtatgatt
>ECK125137119_kdgRp8_reverse_1910125_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caaaagatggattgcgaccaccctggtgcgaaattataataaaaaacagttctgatt
tttAtaaaacactcgcaatgaggt
>ECK125136818_ldcAp9_reverse_1243197_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcgggttcgtatagtcatgctttgatgaacaacccgctaataacacaatcaaaaa
ggcAaaccatctcaatttcacttc
>ECK125137422_lepBp1_reverse_2705464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcacatcattgcgcgatccaccgtgaaacagctgcgtaaaaacgtactggctaaat
gttAtggcggcgatatcagccgta
>ECK125136363_leuDp4_reverse_79594_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctggctgctcaatgtgtctggcgatgaacaacgaccgtctgaatccgggcgaac
gttGtgcctccaccagcaaccgta
>ECK125138110_lgoRp4_reverse_4595947_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacattcatcgtagacatgattcggctctccactttttgttgccttagatatcaatg
aaaAtgaaaaatggcagcggaacg
>ECK120016715_lhrp_forward_1728353_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
caagtaatatttgtcataatgcgcgctgcaatttatccgtattaagagaatcagatg
tccGataacgctcaacttaccggt
>ECK125136572_lipBp2_reverse_662401_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctatcaacgccactcatatcgagcaggttgaaacactgtatgaagaactgggcaaaa
tcgAtattgtccgcatggttctgt
>ECK125136781_litp1_forward_1198516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgaaatgatgacagagtg
tccAgtgggcacggatggtgtctt
>ECK125136598_lntp4_reverse_690984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggcatcttccggcgcgtggcgaaactatcgacatcgacggttaccagttcaaagt
ggcGatggccgacagtcggcgtat
>ECK125136408_lpcAp1_forward_243468_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctcacattgttgctgtttttatccgcacttcaggtcaaaaagtcctggtcatagca
cctGcccgtacttctcgcttttgg
>ECK120030206_lptAp1_forward_3343326_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[IMP|W|Inferred from mutant phenotype]_Strong
cctctgaagacctcgtcacgttatacggaacaacatttaactccagcggtctgaaaa
tgcGcggcaacttacgcagcaaga
>ECK120016578_lptBp_forward_3343396_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
acgcagcaagaacgccgagctgattgaaaaggttagaacatcctatgaaattcaaaa
caaAcaaactcagccttaatcttg
>ECK120009997_lpxDp_forward_200960_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acgccgttgcttacaacagcagcgatgtaaaagacatcactgccgacgtactgaaac
aggTtaaataagtaatgccttcaa
>ECK120009962_lpxPp_forward_2495578_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgtcctgactagtctttacactctttacaggaaccattgtcgtacatgatggcccaa
ccaAttgagtgtaccgctgtcgac
>ECK120016707_malQp_reverse_3550399_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaatatctttatttttggtcataccgtggaacaagtgaaggcaattctggccaaag
gctAcgacccggtgaaatggcgga
>ECK125136438_matAp1_reverse_311393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaataattaaacttaatctcgtttaacctttattgatatgtactacgtatcttat
ttaCttccggtttactaaggaaac
>ECK125136439_matAp5_reverse_311446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgttcacatattgacactcatcgggaaaaaaaacataaatttaagcccaatcgaaa
ataAttaaacttaatctcgtttaa
>ECK125137487_mazGp4_reverse_2910860_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatccgttcgaagttgttttatccggtcaggaacgtgatggcgtagcgttagctgat
cagGtaaaaagtatcgcctggcgg
>ECK125136801_mcrAp10_forward_1210195_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggacgattaattgcagcaggaactcctcgccagaaggtggcgattatctatgat
gttGgtgtgtcaactttgtataag
>ECK125136798_mcrAp7_forward_1210139_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacagggacgaattggtggacgtcgtcccaaacttacaccagaacaatgggcacaag
ctgGacgattaattgcagcaggaa
>ECK125137606_mdaBp1_forward_3172423_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctatcagtattgtcattttcagaaaatatttatcctgcatcggtgagtcagagt
aagAtcagacttttgctaaattcg
>ECK125137040_mdtKp10_forward_1743269_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttgcggtgccctgtacaatccccgtaaacatacttacaactcctgaaatcagtt
aagAcattctgttcagcacaatag
>ECK125138017_mdtPp6_reverse_4301236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggaactcggcgcaggcgctggataacgcactacagccggacagagcaggtcagttt
gccGacgccctggagaaatacgct
>ECK125137261_mglCp6_reverse_2237959_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaccagaaatattaatgctcgatgaaccgacgcgcggtattgatgtcggggcgaagt
ttgAaatttatcagttaattgccg
>ECK125137262_mglCp9_reverse_2237923_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtattgatgtcggggcgaagtttgaaatttatcagttaattgccgaactggcgaaga
aagGcaaggggattattattatct
>ECK120030785_micAp_forward_2814802_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctccggtaatttttttaaaaattttctgaactctttcttcccaggcgagtctgagta
tatGaaagacgcgcatttgttatc
>ECK125165944_micLp_reverse_1958747_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
gcactgcaaggtttatcaaaaattatggaacttattgcccatcgtgatgctccaatc
attAtggccggagcaggagtccgt
>ECK125136810_minEp3_reverse_1224711_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agatgtgctggagatcctgcgcatcaaactcgtcggcgtgatcccagaggatcaatc
agtAttgcgcgcctctaaccaggg
>ECK125136417_mmuPp1_forward_275119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgaaggtaagttgatgactcatgatgaaccctgttctatggctccagatgacaaac
atgAtctcatatcagggacttgtt
>ECK125136418_mmuPp2_forward_275315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attctgttaacaaacgcggtataacaaaccttctttggatgtttagatgtccatacg
tttAgaaggttatatgcaaacaac
>ECK125136879_mppAp5_forward_1393054_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattatgataccgaaaacgggtttgaacgtgcgaagcccgaacgtagtgttcggagt
tctAtgtgctttaccgcattttgg
>ECK125137291_mqop1_reverse_2306924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggacggcataatattacgacgctgacctggcggactgctgccgtcaggtcaatat
gctAaaaatcccttcatttctaat
>ECK125137244_mrpp2_reverse_2194175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtacttctctatattcttcaggtaaactatcagctgatggtttatctatacaaaaa
aggAgtcgggatgaacgaacaatc
>ECK125137188_mtfAp1_forward_2043618_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttcagatggttgccatgatgccaggaaatttggcattttaacagtccctgtccgtg
caaTtttgttcaagtgacgagttt
>ECK125137500_mutHp5_forward_2969582_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgcagtgttgcgcaactcgattaccggcaacctaaaaagcaatataaatcagaga
attGaacaacgcatgtggaaaaag
>ECK125138090_nanSp1_reverse_4537703_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aataatagtctattgattattggcggtgaaactgcaggcggcaaagcggtgacggat
tcaGttttgatcactgtgaaggat
>ECK120016713_narWp_reverse_1538687_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tggagtacgcatggtttaacaacgtcgaaaccaaaccgggcattggttatccgaaaa
actGggaagatcaggaagagtggc
>ECK125136957_nhoAp2_forward_1533963_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaacgaaattaacgggattggcgatttgcgaacgtgatgcatgtccgcgatcgcac
aaaAtagccggtgcggcgtctatt
>ECK125137061_nlpCp3_reverse_1792827_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatctggcgcaggcctatgggatgaattttcgccgtctggatatcgaaggtcacag
aatGctgatttcgaccatctgatt
>ECK125137758_nudEp1_reverse_3526186_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaagttacataaatgtaaataacatgcaattcacattgccgaaagcgtgtccgat
atcGcacaataaccgctgatttca
>ECK125137080_nudGp3_forward_1841438_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggggatgaagatggcggtctagcacaggcactccttaaatataaagcctttctgat
tgaGcaacagtgcggatattatgg
>ECK125136930_opgDp4_forward_1496645_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accaggaagcggaagaacgcagtaaacgtcgctgtggtttgctttaaaatctgacca
tccGcctttgcaaaaatttgcctg
>ECK125137359_oxcp10_reverse_2492130_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttgttgaagtggaacaaccgttgcgtggaaaatatctgaccgttggttgtccaat
gaaAttctctgcctttacgccgga
>ECK125136755_pabCp1_forward_1153293_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttttattccgacttgttccgtagtgaacatgctgccacactaacaattctctgata
aggAgccggtatgttcttaattaa
>ECK125136756_pabCp5_forward_1153194_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcggcttcggtggcactaatggttctttgatctttaaaaagatctaagttgtcattt
tccAcccttataaaaggtccgctt
>ECK125136373_panCp2_reverse_148920_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgacgggcagatcctcgtgatgcacgacgcctttggtattaccggcggtcacatt
cctAaattcgctaaaaatttcctc
>ECK125137790_panZp1_forward_3597828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgcctttgtcagcataaaataacggcacaaagggcggaataattcactatcattca
gggGattatgctggacatttttca
>ECK125136944_patDp3_forward_1515415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccttgtcgttcgatgaaatcatcgttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaac
gttAccgttgtggttgctcaatca
>ECK125136945_patDp4_forward_1515440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttacgacctttacggcaggtcatgaacgaacgttaccgttgtggttgctcaatcag
cttGggcgaccgcgtgatgtaccg
>ECK125136860_pgpBp5_forward_1339193_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatgctggttctgta
ttgGcttattttgccataacgaga
>ECK125136776_phoQp5_reverse_1189940_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaccgcgttcgaatacactattatggaaacgttgatacgcaataatggcaaagtg
gtcAgcaaagattcgttaatgctc
>ECK125136991_pinQp1_forward_1633584_[ICWHO|W|Inferred1 computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttcgaacgtgtacatacaaatatgcacaaaaataatcataattattttctgaga
tgcAttatgatatgaacaccaatt
>ECK120016710_plsBp_reverse_4256598_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Strong
atccagtggtattattggccattgaaagaacctttttacattatgagcgtcaatatc
agtGtaccgttaaatccgatgatt
>ECK125137623_plsYp5_forward_3204533_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggttatcccacgccatttcgatatcgaacactaacttctgttcgatggtctgttc
ccaGtcgtaaacaccaatagtggt
>ECK125136600_potEp1_reverse_718344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagggatcaacctgctgccaggttttgcaccggagctgcagggtgtctatatcgaag
aacAtgatggtcgtaagcaagttt
>ECK125137567_pppAp3_reverse_3114479_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggataaggcgctcgcgccgcatccggcatgaaataaggcgcaccgggttaacacat
ttgCccgatgcgcctgcttatcgg
>ECK125137057_ppsRp1_forward_1787339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccacataaaccatcggtataaacgaaaccataaaaatgaaatgctgttttcataa
aaaAtaaaattgaaggttcatttt
>ECK125136956_pptAp7_forward_1532858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcagcagaattattttcagggatacggcacattgctattaatattttgacgaatg
ataAggtattcaaggcagggttaa
>ECK120009965_psdp_reverse_4390638_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gtgagttcggcctctggcacctggagccggaacaaatcactcagggctttgtcgaat
tccAtgactatttaggtctgtgta
>ECK125137271_psuGp4_reverse_2258557_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acggcgtttattacagcgatatcagcggtgaaagtggctggtctgcgccgatcaaaa
ccaAtgttattaatgttaccggag
>ECK125137270_psuTp2_reverse_2257496_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcctgctggcgcgcgttgctgaactgaccggcggtgacagcctgaaatccaaca
tccAgctggtgttcaacaacgcca
>ECK125136887_racCp4_reverse_1417811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgaaaaagaccagatggcacatgaactttaattaattgactattcgaaactgaa
tttAtgccagaaatggcaggtatt
>ECK125137239_rcnBp_forward_2186884_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgcttttagggcatcctttcatttacactttttacgaaatcatgggatcactaa
caaAatatcgcttgtcagttatat
>ECK125137295_rcsCp4_reverse_2320081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaccaatagtaagcgttgggacaatgaccatcaggattgccatcaggatcatttg
attGcgtaagcggcgtggataaat
>ECK125137929_recQp1_forward_4005858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattgcagtttctcgcgcaggcgctgaaaatagcgcctgtttttatttcaggcaatc
gggGtgaatgtggcgcaggcggaa
>ECK125136999_remp1_reverse_1644972_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgtttttattttcaacgcgtttgaagttctggacggtgccggaatagaatcaaaa
ataCttaagtagcgcgcagggata
>ECK120009996_rfaDp4_forward_3793970_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gattcggatgtgatggtatgattacagacattcgtgtctgagattgtctctgactcc
ataAttcgaaggttacagttatga
>ECK125137813_rhsBp12_forward_3619097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaaccttctcttttgtaacgttctaaa
tatAttcctaaaaatcttcaattc
>ECK125137808_rhsBp3_forward_3619074_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgatcaacaaagggccactagcacacctgattcctctctaaataccctatccgaac
cttCtcttttgtaacgttctaaat
>ECK125137810_rhsBp9_forward_3619044_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gattgagtctattattgggtcctttggtgaacgatcaacaaagggccactagcacac
ctgAttcctctctaaataccctat
>ECK125136594_rihAp3_reverse_684602_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcccgtaaagtggcgaatcgggtgatctttatggacgagggtaaaattgtcgaaga
ctcGccgaaagacgctttcttcga
>ECK125136641_rlmFp1_forward_842192_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgacagagatgtgcttattttttgaacgatatatttttacaaaataagacaaatc
aatGacatgcataatgctgatttt
>ECK125137634_rlmGp4_reverse_3235892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaagagaaaaagggtatactcacgcacccttttcaggggcaatgtcgaaat
tttAtcattcaggagggccgatga
>ECK125136361_rluAp1_reverse_60450_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctcgtctggaagctctgcgtgcagtgaacccgaacattcgtgacgacgaactgacc
gccAttgagagcaaccgtcagcag
>ECK125137995_rluFp1_forward_4230309_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcaggtaacgaattcaagccaatggaaataacaaatagttcgctcatgactattt
tttAtcaacccaaaggtacggtat
>ECK120016716_rnlBp_forward_2766707_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
cctgactactgtatgttactttatcctgaactacgcaccattgaaggtgtcttaaaa
agtAagatgagtgggttaggcatg
>ECK125137440_rplSp1_reverse_2744642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggccgtacctggcttagaagacctgaacttctggaaaacctggctctgactgaag
agcAagcaaggttgctggcggagt
>ECK120033261_rpoDp4_forward_3212693_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tacaaataatgctgccacccttgaaaaactgtcgatgtgggacgatatagcagataa
gaaTattgctgagcaaaccttcac
>ECK120010515_rpoHp3_reverse_3600870_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
tgcgtaatttattcacaagcttgcattgaacttgtggataaaatcacggtctgataa
aacAgtgaatgataacctcgttgc
>ECK120010580_rseAp3_reverse_2709632_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aagtggcggcgcgttgaaagaaatttcgaaccctgagaacttaatgttgtcagaaga
actGagacagatagttttccgaac
>ECK120010009_rsePp_forward_196470_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caggaattaaggacagcggtcatttaattccaggacacggtggtattttagatcgta
ttgAtagcctgacggctgcggtac
>ECK125137794_rsmDp1_forward_3604352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacatagcagctaaaaaaatgatgaaatagtctatcacttaacttaattcacatc
accGcctgcaagtatgtgttatct
>ECK125137554_rsmEp1_forward_3091018_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taccgactgggagtgcgagcgcgatgaacgcatcgcgaaggtgcagggcaatcataa
cccGtatgtgcaacgcgcttgcca
>ECK125137775_rtcAp1_reverse_3556880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaagatattgatgcggtgatggcggcacaaagcgatctggtggaagttatctatac
cctGcgtcaggtggtgtgcgtaaa
>ECK125137776_rtcAp2_reverse_3557002_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggcgggtaatgagccgaactaaagcgaaaaaactgttcagcgtggaagatcaaatt
cgtGccaccgcgcatgtggaatgc
>ECK125136724_rutGp2_reverse_1070045_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttttggcggcaaaacgcccatggaacaccgctttgccgccgcccgctggcagacg
gggGtgaccggatgcccgcaactg
>ECK120016712_rutRp_forward_1074134_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttattaatctgttaacattacgttatctaaaatatctggtaaaaagtggactaaacg
gtcAaaacagttgcacataaaaca
>ECK120030786_rybBp_reverse_888057_[IDA|S|Inferred from direct assay],[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
aaaatgaaatttttttgcacaaccgcagaacttttccgcagggcatcagtcttaatt
agtGccactgcttttctttgatgt
>ECK125136979_sadp5_reverse_1614799_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttatgctgccagcttcggcaaccgcgttgaacatctccagttgggtcagatccata
gcaTtctcgattcgtgaataagtg
>ECK125136869_sapFp5_reverse_1352657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgcattgtgacgccacgtttgacgggggcgaaaaatcatctctatgcctgtcattt
cccGctgaacatggagaaagagtg
>ECK125136484_sbcCp2_reverse_415847_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tagccagccaacagcgtgaaaccctcagcgaactcagcgtcgaagaggtgttcaatc
gccGtctggcactggaagaactgg
>ECK120009967_sbmAp_forward_396553_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tcgaaacaattcttatggtcaggctggcgaactaagcgccttgctatgggtcacaat
gggCggtttcatttggctgacgct
>ECK125137892_setCp14_forward_3836744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agattaatttgttcatttaatatatcaaatcaacttgttttatttttactatcaaaa
ataGctcattgccttactataatt
>ECK125136883_smrAp1_forward_1405936_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggcaatatttggaacttattactggaaatttgggtaatacgttgttggaccgac
ccgGtctggttatcatatcgcgct
>ECK125138052_tamAp1_forward_4442270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaggttgtaacaagaggcgtatttgcacacaataaccaccgtgaataggtctaaag
taaAacataagaaatatttggggt
>ECK125137663_tdcRp8_forward_3267254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaatatcaacaagttaaagtataaaaatcagcataaaccctgatttttgtcaaaa
aaaAtgacggggataaccatattt
>ECK125136837_tdkp1_forward_1293516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagctgaaaaactgacgaattatgataaactccagccaactttatttcatatcattg
aggGcctgtggctgatggcacagc
>ECK125136794_tfaEp1_reverse_1209266_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaacgattaatttctattttgatgaaatatgggtaaatagtggcactgacattat
caaAagaggaaacacaaacgatgc
>ECK125136795_tfaEp6_reverse_1209189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccggattaccagccccggattatggaacctttaaaacatataaacaatcagtgg
atgGtttaggtgccgcagcctcag
>ECK125137238_thiDp3_reverse_2184673_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgttaatgaccaaagtggtaggaactggctgtgcattatcggcggttgtcgctg
cctGctgtgcgttaccaggcgata
>ECK125137499_thyAp2_reverse_2965348_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttattatcctcaacctgtatattcgtaaaccacgcccaatgggagctgtctcagg
tttGttcctgattggttacggcgc
>ECK125136721_torTp1_forward_1056220_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaaggttgagtcgcaaa
gcgGaatgcatctagcataaagcc
>ECK125137789_ugpQp1_reverse_3588300_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaaaatgactctcggcattcgcccggaacatattgcgctaagctcgcaggcagaag
gcgGcgtaccgatggtgatggaca
>ECK125138039_ulaRp5_reverse_4418562_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgcggtttcgatgattgcttcactattgaaccggatctgccgttcaagtcattcc
tgtAatctgtcgtttataccgggt
>ECK125137882_waaUp9_reverse_3799398_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttacgatgtaattccatttattaaacttcaagacatcagtgcagaagaatcaaaa
gatAtgacaagaaaaaaaatgcaa
>ECK125137213_wbbKp4_reverse_2104606_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttgggtgagaatgtgacggttttgcctggaacaattattggtaatggagtcgtag
tcgGcgccaattctgttgttagag
>ECK125137222_wcaMp1_reverse_2115934_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtcaaacgcgcgcgcgaaaaagttgaacacgattttaaccagcaggtgatcaatcg
agaActcgccagcttgctgcaggc
>ECK120033256_wzap2_reverse_2137193_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
taaataaacaatgatgaaatccaaaatgaaattgatgccattattggtgtcagtaac
cttGataagcggttgcacagtact
>ECK125137888_xanPp5_forward_3828821_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcctgggtcaaattctcagctgttaatgaacaaatggcatggattttaagcagaaa
aatAccaaaagttatataaaaaag
>ECK125137997_xylEp1_reverse_4242270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataattgccttaactgcctgacaattccaacatcaatgcactgataaaagatcagaa
tggTctaaggcaggtctgaatgaa
>ECK125136345_yaaAp3_reverse_6587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccagtgattatctacgccagcgtaaactcggcgtgcgcccggtgtttgatccattgc
gttAtccggatatcggtcgccagc
>ECK125136366_yacHp3_reverse_131307_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatcccaagattagtcaaaatttaaactaccgcctctttatactcggattcacagca
cctGcgggtggcagttcgccgacc
>ECK125136368_yadEp3_forward_144965_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtttcgcgagcgtattgtcgaactgggtgcgccggaggtgagtagtctttggc
accAacaacaaaaaaatccgcctt
>ECK125136377_yadNp1_reverse_156984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctaaagtgcacaataggcgacctaatgaacaatggttgtaaatttgggtaacaaat
atcAttgctcattaatatctaaca
>ECK125136385_yadSp7_reverse_177757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcggaccggaccaaattcctaaaatcaaacaatactggggtgaacagctcaaaatt
cccGttattcctctcacgagtgac
>ECK125136397_yaeFp1_reverse_217135_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tattccgcacactattgtgctgggcgaccgtaacctcgacaacgacgatatcgaata
taaAtatcgtcgcaacggcgagaa
>ECK125136395_yaeQp3_forward_214088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actttcaaaacgcagcccagcgcgtccggaacgtatcctaagtctccgctggcgatt
tccGcgtaccgcttgcgtattaac
>ECK125136462_yahMp5_forward_345336_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcttacgcatcgcactcaagcctgacagaaaatatgctgtaaggctcatatcaaaa
accGccattagctcatcaggaaga
>ECK125136482_yaiIp7_forward_405698_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttccattgcctcactcctgccgtgaaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaag
catAaacagaactatgccggaagg
>ECK125136467_yaiOp6_reverse_380850_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtagaacgtaatttacctaccggaacttattcactccgacaagaacttatccgtac
aggAgattaaaatgataaaacgga
>ECK125136468_yaiPp5_reverse_383985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatgcgtcatgatcgcctgcgtgcagttgcacaatttcgcggacaacaggtcaata
gcgAtctgggtgaaggctttgtaa
>ECK125136471_yaiSp13_reverse_384738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acacttaacatatgaattgcatagaaacattacccagtcgaacccacgggtctgaaa
gccCttgcttttcagttattagca
>ECK125136487_yajIp6_reverse_433034_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acactgccgacggcggcgtacggatgaaccctcgcccacgagacgagagtcaattac
cttAgtgtccacggcgaaacagaa
>ECK120009963_ybaBp_forward_493709_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
cgcgacccgtgggcggcacaggtgagccaactttcgctaccaaaactggtcgaacag
gtgGcgttaaatgcctggaaagag
>ECK125136501_ybaNp1_forward_490718_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtcgagacaagcctgtagtgttgtcgcacgagtctgaaaaagatgcctgtcgaaa
cgaGcacttagcgtggcgaactgt
>ECK125136512_ybaPp6_reverse_508284_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cactgacgctattacgatgaacatgcagcaactctgctaactcattgattttcaaat
cgaGcggttccagatattcataga
>ECK125136545_ybcHp4_reverse_588070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggaatatctggaccggcgagacgcactacgacgcctggccgcacaaagtcagtc
tcgGcgtcgagtatcaacatacct
>ECK125136543_ybcWp4_forward_579805_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggtcctgctggcattctggagggaaatacaaccgacagatgtatgtaaggccaac
gtgCtcaaaccttcatacagaaag
>ECK125136555_ybdDp2_forward_631991_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaacgccgtatgaaccaatgccggaaaatgtcgaggagatcgtggcgcaggcaaaa
ggcGcacactaaagtcagagtgag
>ECK125136546_ybdFp5_reverse_606053_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggggctggcgctggcacaaaaactggtgaccatgttccatctgatggatcttag
tcaGctttacactttattgttttg
>ECK125136556_ybdHp6_reverse_633517_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacctgacgaagttgcgtgttgaaggcactataacacgatgctagtatttggcaatc
aagAcgtttagatgtctaaataaa
>ECK125136551_ybdKp3_reverse_607561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcactcctcatttaatcaactgaagctgaacccgtttttttctgcatgactcaatcg
tcaAaattcttcgccaccagtcag
>ECK125136559_ybdMp2_reverse_635555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacagctgagcattaccgcaataaaatcgccatttatttgcactggtatcagaaa
aaaGgcatcgaggttccacaaacc
>ECK125136580_ybeQp1_reverse_676706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtatttccatcggagtggaaagtgcaaacaatattttttgcgactccatgtccata
taaTttatccttaaatattcatta
>ECK125136588_ybeRp7_forward_676560_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatctcatctattgataaattatcgcagcaacttgacgtgaaaatcattatcatttc
cttAtggttgcagataaaacatat
>ECK125136602_ybfAp7_forward_729037_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaattacaggatgaatgtaaataaaccatcaataagcaaaaataagtggtcggatg
agtAgtaaaattacacaaaaggcg
>ECK125136599_ybfFp1_reverse_712846_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcttgcagaaaaactcggaataaaccttatttgttgcagccctgtggcacaatg
gtcAacataataccctaacccgac
>ECK120016584_ybfHp_reverse_716641_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ataaagtcattttttattcaaatataaggaacttaatatttaaaaaatgttccatac
aatTcctcatcataaatgacaccg
>ECK125136610_ybgDp9_reverse_752958_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaaaaacttcatggtagtcgcatttataaccctatgaaaatgacgtctatctatac
cccCctatattttattcatcatac
>ECK125136609_ybgOp4_reverse_749182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcagccagcagggcaaccaactgacactgaaaaatcctaccgcgtattatctgacc
attGcctatctggggagaaatgaa
>ECK125136619_ybgSp1_reverse_785339_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaaaccaatgccttatattcacctgcaaatgcactgttggaagaggttatccgac
ataAcgaccataacaggagcatcc
>ECK125136620_ybgSp2_reverse_785459_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaagaaaaacgccagattgtcgcgaaaaacgagatctctcctacaatttctaact
gtaActcctttgtttgttaattat
>ECK125136631_ybhHp8_forward_800552_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgagtaatttagcggcattgttaaacgaactggactctgccagtatgacaaatgc
cttCatacttgataattcatgctt
>ECK125136651_ybiUp5_reverse_859100_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcacatcaaatcattaaacttgcattaacttatttataacttatattgtcacatg
caaAtcagaatggtttcgaatgaa
>ECK125136667_ybjEp3_reverse_914901_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttatgcataacatttccttttaattgcaactttactcgtccttccgctttcagtag
tgtGtcatcgcgcatttcgacttc
>ECK125136663_ybjOp4_forward_897852_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggggtgaatccggaaatcaacgccctggcaacattgatcctcggcgcggtcggaatt
gtcGgatttatcgcctggtatctg
>ECK125136675_ycaDp1_forward_945719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaatttttcgactgaacgaagcgtatgaaatttgtgttagttcaataaaaacaatca
gatGagactaatcatctcttcagc
>ECK125136685_ycaLp1_forward_960132_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcggattagccaggcagcctgaatgaacaacgggcaataaatagccaaatctttc
tttAtcaaaacgtcggcacattgt
>ECK125136708_yccXp7_forward_1029994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcgcgccctttggctaacactaaacgtacactcataatttacttttctgtcgatgc
aaaGaaatgggcgtcattgtccgg
>ECK125136729_ycdUp1_forward_1095693_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattatcaaagaaaatctctcattacacttaactcatacggtgaaatggactgaatc
tctCgatacatttctgaatatgcc
>ECK125136730_ycdUp9_forward_1095633_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcttcgccagagcatcaggttctgatgaacgtaacagcaaaaagcgaggtcgctcc
gtcAattatcaaagaaaatctctc
>ECK125136754_yceFp9_reverse_1146749_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attttaccttttgcatagggcgcgcatattaactttgtaacgtcatagagtcaaaga
aaaAggcagcctgtggttgccttt
>ECK125136746_yceHp2_forward_1126081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttactggcgcgactgggttttgaaaaagaaggctatgcgaaagactatctgttg
attGatggacaatggcgcgatcac
>ECK125136748_yceMp4_forward_1126604_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggcggaagtggagtcgacgctggaacaactggcaaatcgcgaagatggtcctttt
gtgGtgcgtctggcccgcgaaccg
>ECK125136741_yceOp1_reverse_1119511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttttaaatttgcgtcagttttaggggaaatagctgccgattttgcgcaagacaaaa
aaaGcgattttgatttgacgccat
>ECK125136742_yceOp7_reverse_1119632_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcggttgctgcctgtacggcgctgcctgcacctatgataattcgcctgacgaagat
tttAttatcgataccctacccggc
>ECK125136766_ycfTp11_reverse_1175329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataagcgaaagcaagatgggtaaacgtctgaactgtaagtgatcgtcagggctaatc
tgaAaagcccccgtaaatcaatcg
>ECK125136822_ycgYp1_forward_1245083_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctttcacatcagaacgtatactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatat
agcActtcgatatccgataaagtc
>ECK125136823_ycgYp6_forward_1245101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atactcgacacctgctttacgggtgaaaaaaatcaatatagcacttcgatatccgat
aaaGtcggttcccggtaacaacaa
>ECK125136832_ychNp4_reverse_1273655_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgtattttctcgcgctttcaggaaaatccttaaaaatgtgaccgattggtcagac
gctGcagaagcagtaagatagaag
>ECK125136844_yciBp3_reverse_1313055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgggcgaatatgcgtctggtggcacccgcagtactgagctggttgctggcaaaaac
actGttgctgctttttgcctcttc
>ECK125136846_yciEp6_reverse_1315238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaataagaaagccgaaaataaagcctgaaatatgaattttaacttttagtcatttt
ataAagaggacattttcatgaatc
>ECK125136854_yciNp9_reverse_1330757_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcacactgtacctgataaaatccgatacgcaactttattagcatgcaaaatccaaa
gttGccagtaaggcgctcttgcca
>ECK125136865_yciTp1_reverse_1344544_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaatttgatgcccagcgcgttgccgaacgtattgatattgtgttagatatccttgt
ggcAggcgattaccactctgcgat
>ECK125136841_yciUp5_reverse_1307352_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaactaagtctggttggcacagttaaccttgatatgcgtagtctgtggctaaat
ttcGagattaccctggcaatcgac
>ECK125136866_yciWp4_reverse_1350236_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggcggtttcagcattgctgcaatgaacgaactcgaactgaaataatcgttctgttg
gtaAagatgggcggcgttctgccg
>ECK125136867_ycjDp4_reverse_1351866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgtgctggcatcgccgctgcatgaactcaccaaacggctgattgccggtcatttt
ggcGaggcattgacggcggatgcg
>ECK125136872_ycjMp4_forward_1370003_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacccacgttgagaacgccggtggcctgaaagacatcgcaatgccgaaggtcaaagg
ttaAaagaattcaccatgagcggc
>ECK125136910_ydbJp1_forward_1440856_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acattgcgcaaatgaggggcgcacgaaattgctgcgcgcccagtagtaatctttcaa
tttTagcaaatggctttcttctgc
>ECK125136923_ydcAp6_forward_1491647_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acccgatctttgatctcatcaacggtatcaaaataaaccagcgtataacgttcaaat
cgaAcataagattcgataaaccat
>ECK125136934_ydcKp8_reverse_1500640_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccatcccctaaccagtggctgacctgccaaacctggctggcatagcgccaggcaaat
cccAtccctatcgtccccaacaca
>ECK125136939_ydcLp7_forward_1502323_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgaagtttttagcagcttaacttactgaaatttaagtactgatgattgacttagc
cccTttttcggcattgactatgtc
>ECK125136947_ydcXp1_forward_1517221_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttatcagtactacagttctactggaaacattcatttttgccaccttttatcattgcc
cctAtgtgtatagtacgggttaag
>ECK125136951_ydcZp1_reverse_1518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcaccgcgcaaatgccgcaggtaggcactaaatttggtcgttggctggatctgaca
tttAtgcagttgcaactcgacgag
>ECK125136972_yddBp6_reverse_1577666_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatggttacacatcaacccggtgtctggaacctggccgatgatatttgtgacattag
cgcGgttttataaaaacaataaaa
>ECK125136959_yddJp1_reverse_1544866_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaaacgctgctaacaaccagttgaaatatataaatcttgatttcctgacttatct
tccAtctatcaaaagtttaagact
>ECK125136962_yddJp8_reverse_1544758_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactaataatacatccgatattggaactttattccccataataaaacagagcaaaac
ttaAattttttaaatgtttctggg
>ECK125136986_ydeIp1_reverse_1624516_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggcaatattcttatttggcaattataaaaatagcaaccagacttaataagtcaaac
caaAcgcaattaaggagttagtat
>ECK125136975_ydeRp1_reverse_1588298_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccgggactggtgagggcttcggcaacctttacccttgaatttcaataatcagagt
cagAtatgaaaagacttcacaaga
>ECK125136990_ydfKp5_forward_1632985_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catattcagcatttttagtcatgccctaataaaattagggattggcatatccaataa
cccAgacaaaaccgatgtataagt
>ECK125137034_ydhBp2_reverse_1739809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtagggagtgaaattagtgttgtgaaacggtaatatttgatgactggtttcaaaaat
tttGcaggcagactatgtggtcag
>ECK125137031_ydhFp1_reverse_1725648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgaaccggagcaaccatcactcttttgaacctaatcttgcgtatactcctctcatat
ctgAtaagaggaagcgattatggt
>ECK120016714_ydhIp_forward_1720998_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttttcagaaattgcgcgtaaatttttcgcacttaaagaatatttattaatctaacgc
aatAtattcggtcgtaaaggaatc
>ECK125137041_ydhSp3_forward_1747068_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatttaatcaagggcggttagcgcccttttcatccctgtctgaaatttctcaaatt
ctaAaaatctcaaccaaacttatc
>ECK125137042_ydhSp5_forward_1747113_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttctcaaattctaaaaatctcaaccaaacttatctgataacactaaattcgaaag
aatGcgtacaggtaagtaacaatg
>ECK125137044_ydhTp1_reverse_1749569_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcaccacggggcgtacgccacacgaaacctttaaaagcatggtcgatggctatca
ccgGcactaacgaatgatcattac
>ECK125137046_ydhZp6_reverse_1755209_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatatcatcgctcaattgctacagttaaaataatttatcgcgttatttgtctgat
tttGtttgatttttgtttaattgg
>ECK125137054_ydiMp1_forward_1770930_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcatttcaacgagtctaccctgatggcaattttattgactggaagatctatcaatcg
gtaGctgctgaattatatgcacac
>ECK120035108_ydiVp_reverse_1792087_[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaaggacccctgaaaaagtggttaacatggaacaaatgaaagttactccttctgtaa
ttgTtatgtcttatggcctcatcc
>ECK125137064_ydiYp6_reverse_1806217_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttgcagataaatatatataaataaaaatctgttttcgccacatgcttattcaaaaa
atgAaataagaatacattgctaag
>ECK125137085_ydjEp5_reverse_1853983_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgataaagatgcggcaagtgaatttgccgcaattgctacctttttagcaaatccgag
gcaCctaatggaacaatatgatca
>ECK125137087_ydjFp1_reverse_1854924_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacacgattcacctctgtttctgtgaaaactgtgatgaaaatctgtgattcaaacag
gttAttttgaaagtaaacatcggt
>ECK125137077_ydjXp1_forward_1833308_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggctcaaactgggtcaggagaattaaccttgagaaaaatcaacaaactgtcagta
atgAtttgttgcctgccgtccttt
>ECK125137092_yeaIp6_forward_1870243_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttatccggtgttccgtgaactgtttcataaacaaaatgcaacagctaaaggctaaa
actAtcagccaggtcattatcgcc
>ECK125137094_yeaMp1_reverse_1875648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgtttttgccgcttaatgaagttgaacaggtcatatgcttctcattgttacaaac
gagGctgtaccttaccgtttttat
>ECK125137096_yeaNp4_forward_1875463_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcattttccaccgtacaggtaattgcaccatgtagcgccagtatcagctgtccttt
gcgGtgctgatgtacaggactggt
>ECK125137099_yeaOp4_forward_1876777_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctgtgggccgccgctgatgggtaaaatacacgatgctaacggtaactggtctgta
ccaCttatgggtgttgccatactt
>ECK125137102_yeaQp1_reverse_1879390_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacgttcttatgacacggaaaacgaacatgatgtttgtggttggtaattatcactg
atcGttgatggcgcaatttctgcg
>ECK120009969_yeaYp_reverse_1890561_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tttatttacgtaacaacgtcgcatggaagaaacttccgggcaaagaatgaatcttaa
gagTatgccctgagaaaaaaagga
>ECK125137141_yebAp1_reverse_1941683_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggggacgaatatcaaactgggtaaaacaagctattcagaattcctgagtcaatta
gccAaccagtatgcgagctgcctg
>ECK125137142_yebAp5_reverse_1941833_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcaacctggcgcgcagcgtttacatgaaataagaacacagttggttgagcaaaaa
gcaAcctgcgtttttgctgagcca
>ECK125137143_yebAp6_reverse_1941721_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgagggacatccgttcgtatgggaacgttggatcccctggggacgaatatcaaac
tggGtaaaacaagctattcagaat
>ECK125137126_yebVp1_forward_1921745_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttttgactggcacattcggctgcctcaactaggctgaaaaatggtgcgatcggactg
gtcGtaccacaatcggcagctaaa
>ECK125137130_yebWp3_forward_1921957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactggatgcctgggatgctgaaaccagtatccctgccctgctaaatggcgaacac
tctGtcctttaccgtacccgttac
>ECK125137147_yecDp4_forward_1950778_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagtttgctataaaggtgttgcccgaactcataaaaattaacaaaatttgtcgttcc
gccAtcggctaatcgcattaaggt
>ECK125137179_yedJp3_reverse_2033203_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttgaaagcgatttaggctctaccgcgggaaagtggttaggggcactggtcggatt
tttAtttatggctctggtcggggc
>ECK125137201_yeeAp6_reverse_2080661_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctttcaattttttcgctcctgccgggaaattacactgttcccggtttgtccgtcg
gatAattcagaggcgcgccttctg
>ECK125137202_yeeFp2_reverse_2087238_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttgtcatttcccccccatttaggcacaatgcgccgctgtcaaaaaatgactaaaa
accGacgtttcatcagcgtcggtt
>ECK125137193_yeeOp1_reverse_2059828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacagtccgccgttctaccgactgaactacagaggaatcgttgttgaggcacatc
ttaAcggcgaaaaatcttttgtca
>ECK125137194_yeeOp6_reverse_2059875_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaggaatttggctcctctgactggactcgaaccagtgacatacggattaacagtcc
gccGttctaccgactgaactacag
>ECK125137204_yeeZp7_reverse_2089176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgcagcatgtcgttatcattattgaacagattcattcatagaatgaattgtcagtt
ttgAtacgctagcgtagccttata
>ECK125137236_yegXp1_reverse_2183801_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgacaccgtacaggaggcaaaaa
gctGgctttcatcggcgttagccc
>ECK125137237_yegXp6_reverse_2183820_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtacactctctgcggcgttggctgcactacgcccgcgccatacaaactgggctgac
accGtacaggaggcaaaaagctgg
>ECK125137241_yehEp1_reverse_2192909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatttaatactgcgaatattctgcggaccttcgtccgaaactctacaaagtcgattg
atcAtacaggcaatgcttcattat
>ECK125137269_yeiIp2_forward_2251653_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtttcgacggcattccgctgatcctcgaaaccatcaacccggatatctgggcagaa
gagAtcgcctggctgaaagcgcaa
>ECK125137275_yeiWp7_reverse_2265413_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaatttcgttcgctcttggcatcgaaaaattcctgtagtcgaaaatgtcaaaaat
atcGcgacaaagtactcgcgacgg
>ECK125137280_yejGp5_reverse_2278353_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggtacatatagccccgcaaacgtgaccacgcccgcagatattacttaaatcagagc
catAgaggccacgcaggcgaggca
>ECK125137281_yejGp8_reverse_2278446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattcccccgatatatgtttattttatgtaaaatcaatttatgtaaaaagtcacatc
attGtagttaaaaaggttgagtta
>ECK125137287_yejKp5_reverse_2284109_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttcaacctgttcatcactgtagcgggaaatttgtggcataaatcgaaatcagtta
gttGatgaaagggcaacatattac
>ECK125137298_yfaLp1_reverse_2344218_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taacaaaatagccattgcaccgggttgaacaatttacaaaagaaagatattccatat
cgtAtaatgcgattaaatacgccg
>ECK125137299_yfaLp3_reverse_2344265_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aggttattaacttgaattatgacgcactgatattattcatcaaataataacaaaata
gccAttgcaccgggttgaacaatt
>ECK125137297_yfaPp4_reverse_2328199_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatcggctggatttaacccatgagtatctgcacctggcctttgatggttatcccac
cggGcttgatgagaactatatcga
>ECK125137319_yfbKp7_reverse_2385905_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgtgtcggggcgttgacggtaatgcattgacccagggttggtaaaaaataatcatag
ggaGtaaaaacacaaataatataa
>ECK125137322_yfbLp7_forward_2385828_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttgtataatcctgctaatcttaataaaatacaatatcgaaacccatagcaaata
atgAttcaacaacgcaacccatta
>ECK125137325_yfbNp1_reverse_2388587_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaaggtgtcataattattccctgaaataatatattcatcaaacgaatgacattgt
ttgAattcattagcagataaatag
>ECK125137327_yfbOp1_forward_2388573_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttaacattcatgttatgatgctcttgaaactaataatacgtatggaattgtcacta
tttAtctgctaatgaattcaaaca
>ECK125137330_yfbPp7_forward_2388995_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagctggtttgtagaagaaattgcccctgatgagtgctgggaaggatggtcagaa
gatAcggagcatggatgggttgaa
>ECK125137336_yfcIp7_reverse_2423712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgtctgcaacggttccttaagggatcgctgaaataatttcctctccggtggctaac
gctGccggagtattttcatgggga
>ECK125137337_yfcIp8_reverse_2423614_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgctgaaatgtaaaagttacagtccgctaaaaatacttctgaattcgctgtccaaag
ataAaaactgcctgctgcattggg
>ECK125137347_yfcVp8_reverse_2455688_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgcatgccgtattcaatggctgggtataaacattggctattgactgaatcaatgt
attGcaatgtttatattttaatta
>ECK125137354_yfdGp4_forward_2467737_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actggcttgatgagaaggtggagtgagcgaccttaacaactatcgaatagcacaaag
tctTgcaatccagtgcaaagcttt
>ECK125137373_yfeCp4_forward_2518375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcaatcgctgaaaaatcaggcaaatgaacaattttggaaaaccgctcgcattcagta
gttAttcatgtcacggtttcctgt
>ECK125137377_yfeHp5_forward_2526909_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taattcatctgttttcttcatgaatggatgcaataaatcaattttatttctcaaact
ggaAgaagcacaatagaaccatcg
>ECK120016565_yfeKp_forward_2537315_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ccgatgatcctcatcgtaatccaaccgaaactttacctgattctggcagtcaaatcg
gctAtcacaaaacaaggataaggt
>ECK125137375_yfeRp1_reverse_2527039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgccgtgcataaagaacagcagggcaatagctgcggtggtcagattttcaaaga
aggGgacgaaatcgcctctggccg
>ECK120009972_yfeYp_reverse_2551243_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcttgtttttatgaagtaaaagaataacggcactttttggtgaatttgcactccaag
caaCgttattgaataaccaaagga
>ECK125137384_yffOp1_forward_2562080_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaattattgcggtttttgtcaattttcaacctcaattcttgcgaaaaatggcaaaa
ataAcggtatttttcatcatttat
>ECK125137387_yffQp1_forward_2563389_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgggagactgatggccgccgacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaat
caaCtcccaccaaagccaacaaga
>ECK125137388_yffQp3_forward_2563409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gacgttgcacaattgattaatttctgaacattcaaatcaactcccaccaaagccaac
aagAtgggaggtgaattttgtgat
>ECK125137398_yfgGp7_forward_2629085_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tatagagagcattgattctaagtgtcatatgaaagtaccaattgatatatatcaaac
aaaAtaaccctgattaatgaatta
>ECK125137412_yfhRp2_forward_2664244_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgttgttaaagccatgctggcgaacatgcgtgacgagttaagcgacgctctgaagc
gttAatgactcaggcgggtgatat
>ECK125137449_yfjIp8_forward_2758881_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgagtggttatcacaacgctgtaaacttatttgagggtgttacatgaattcatac
tcaAttgctgtcatcggagtgtaa
>ECK125137454_yfjPp5_forward_2767642_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagaaagattctgcaatctatgtgcattgaaaaaatcttcagatagatatcattct
cctGaacaatccgatgaacggcag
>ECK125137472_ygbNp2_forward_2864907_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aattgccggactacctgatcgacatgaaccggacgatggagaaatcaactatccgtg
gctGttccgcctgttcgatgaggt
>ECK125137486_ygcGp7_forward_2905605_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagtaacgtattatgtcagaagaaaataaagaaaatggatttaatcatgtcaaaaca
ttcAccaaaattatatttattttt
>ECK125137479_ygcNp3_forward_2892572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgctgttaagtgcggtgatggtaaaagaaacctgcaccgcaggttgtatctatc
gcgGcgaatgataagagtgtgtcg
>ECK125137480_ygcUp5_reverse_2899607_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacgctggcgacacgcagtaatccagaaaccaatcagcgcgttcttgatcatatt
ccgGcaaaccgttggggcgatact
>ECK125137481_ygcWp11_reverse_2900409_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtgagagtaatcacgcttctgctttttaaaattatttgacaatacgaatatcacact
gtgAttacgatcacattagcagtt
>ECK125137482_ygcWp12_reverse_2900471_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attacttttctcaggtctctagtaattgaaataataaataacatggaaagcagaggt
gttGtgtgagagtaatcacgcttc
>ECK125137506_ygeAp5_reverse_2980803_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattactttctggctcattccggaaaccaaaaatgtcacgctggaacatatcgaacg
caaActgatggcaggcgagaagtt
>ECK125137528_ygeRp1_reverse_3000039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgggattattacgcatcaggatgggaaatagggtaaaaagtcaggaagttcgatacc
tctAcagcgaatattttgctgatg
>ECK125137529_ygeWp1_forward_3006224_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttattgttagtcccaggtatagctgtgaaaacaccaatcactttggcaagtcacagt
gaaAtaaaccactttgcctgtcat
>ECK125137538_ygfSp5_reverse_3029164_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgccgtggttgcagggcagcggaattaaactcgataaatggggcctgattcaaacc
ggtGacgtcgggtatttacctacc
>ECK125137539_ygfUp6_forward_3031189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agagtgcgacatgccagaatgattaatgaaatatcaatatgagaaaattacagataa
ttcCattgtcaggttctcttctca
>ECK125137547_yggCp1_reverse_3074756_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgctctatgacgcgttaaaagcgatgaagttcgctgatttctccgtctggtcagagg
cgcGttttagcggaatggtcaaaa
>ECK125137553_yggIp6_forward_3089588_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacaccttctgggtgtatgcggctctgaacgtactgtttatcctgctgacattgtg
gctGgtaccggaaaccaaacacgt
>ECK120010000_yggNp1_reverse_3101798_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caaactggatgaggtacgcaccagcgaacttttcgacgtttggtgggactaagaaag
catAcgggcgatgacaaatgcaaa
>ECK120010001_yggNp2_reverse_3101744_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aagcatacgggcgatgacaaatgcaaaactgcctgatgcgctacgcttatcaggcct
ggaAagatgcacgatcgagtaggc
>ECK125137565_yghDp3_reverse_3111276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgaaatcagcgtcactttccgacatcgaaatgcgtggttttacctttgatcaaaaac
gccAgatacttcacctccagctac
>ECK120010010_yghFp_reverse_3112899_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
aatacagacaaagagcatctgcgaaaaattgcacgcgggatgttctggctgatgctg
cttAttatttctgcaaaaatggcg
>ECK125137574_yghQp1_reverse_3132593_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgagactgccatctcccgcaagcctgaccatgactatgccgagctgcaggacaaaa
tcgGtgtcatgtcgaagattggct
>ECK125137584_yghTp14_forward_3133915_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaggcttgccgtgagggtcgatttacctgaaccatcacatcctacaatggcaataa
cacGcactggcgtggaattaatta
>ECK125137610_ygiDp2_reverse_3182561_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagaacgccgagaaacgcgccaataaacgtggctgcccccgccagtatggtcagaat
gagAggtactgacatcgacaactc
>ECK125137611_ygiDp3_reverse_3182429_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcattgttatccgggttcttactccgccgaacaagcgtattgtgaggatatcaaaat
gacAcctttagttaaggatatcat
>ECK120010002_ygiMp_forward_3201104_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
attttgcgccaaattgccatgcaacgggcaatttgacgggcgtaaaagtttgaagca
gtgGcaagacctgacacagaggat
>ECK120016574_ygiMp2_forward_3201042_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
ttatgtcacataagtgacgatgaacggcgaacttaatgcgatcttttttgtcagtag
ataGtattttgcgccaaattgcca
>ECK125137592_ygiQp1_reverse_3161310_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttatttcggtcagccttcctgggcgcacttcccgttctacttcaacagtcagacg
ctgGaaatggcggaccgtggctcg
>ECK125137631_ygjIp1_forward_3226142_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catgaagcgtatcggtttatctgcaataacgcggtcaaaaaagtggttctcaaagtc
accAtcgaagatggttatttccat
>ECK125137632_ygjIp2_forward_3226070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaccgtgaatatttaaaaggctgcggagaaaccgttgaggtccacgaagggcaaatc
gttAtttgcgatatccatgaagcg
>ECK125137636_ygjQp4_forward_3236365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcatgatcgtggtgcacgagctggcgcacctgaaggagaaagagcataacaaagcg
tttTaccagttgtgttgtcatatg
>ECK125137647_yhaHp7_forward_3252249_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcgccttcacggcactttattaattccttgaacgaatatttactgccatttcattc
acgTctattcttaatttgctgctt
>ECK125137652_yhaIp12_forward_3252825_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttatataaattacctataaaaaataaccatgtatttatcttaaatatcaaaacc
tttAtaacatccgaaaaagaaaga
>ECK125137649_yhaIp9_forward_3252700_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttggaccagatccaaaactggaaccttaaaacaaatctgctcgccggatgtctgac
tcaTccggcttttatcattatgtt
>ECK125137656_yhaKp4_forward_3254274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttcgttctcattcaggaaatttgaacataccgggcagaatatctggctaacaatgt
agcGtccagccccttaccataaaa
>ECK125137681_yhbUp1_forward_3301329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccaacacgagttttactccctgtttcaacaatcatcctattttgccatatcagaaa
aatAacatagcggtataaatcaac
>ECK125137683_yhbUp7_forward_3301279_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtacactcaacagagatggccccaaatgcacaatacgggaacgcagtttatccaaca
cgaGttttactccctgtttcaaca
>ECK125137698_yhcAp1_forward_3362039_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttagctataactcggacagattatgccctatgacatggtctgtcttaatcaatctc
atcGcaaacagtgcataacatata
>ECK125137708_yhcMp1_reverse_3380156_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccaattagcgcatattcccaggtcatgaacatctcccgttgtcttttgtttccgtag
ggtGttggcttcaggctccatgcc
>ECK125137712_yhcOp1_reverse_3386210_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctggcggggatgctccataagtatcaacatgcgttgaccgatagttaagtcaaaa
ccgAcgccaaaagcgtcggttttt
>ECK125137725_yhdHp1_forward_3403280_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacttatactgaatggcgttgtagaaacttagcgaacagcccagcaaagtcacaaaa
attGttaacccggtgagcagcgta
>ECK125137728_yhdUp1_forward_3412497_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actctgcggaagaactggcgaaagtgaaaaaaagaaagaccggcaacctgtcaaaac
gaaGccggttaagcgaagttgacc
>ECK125137756_yhfYp1_reverse_3511617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaggcgatgtcgatgcggtgatctggaacgtggtggcggaaaacgaactgaccatgc
tggGattagaggcgacgccgctca
>ECK125137773_yhgFp2_forward_3537176_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtttccgtattgtcggctacgatgaaatttttggccgtaaagattacatctctatcg
attCcccgatggcccgcgcattgc
>ECK125137819_yhiMp11_forward_3634817_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgatatctcgtcattatattaacaggatgaaattatcattaatgcatatttcaata
ttaGcagggatacctgaggagttt
>ECK120016708_yhjJp_reverse_3682016_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tgagttcaggtttatttcacttcttccgtgacattttcatgttcttgcggtctaaca
cgaAgtgtttttaacgtcatttag
>ECK125137831_yhjRp10_reverse_3696283_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtgattttagtcttttcgtttttaactttttctgttgcgtaacggaaagtcaaaaa
gtgAgcaaattcccgtctcgccgt
>ECK125137833_yhjRp12_reverse_3696215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cccgtctcgccgtaaacaataaaccggcgaaatgctcacggttagaattgtctcatg
aacGgtacggttatttcataggga
>ECK125137834_yhjRp13_reverse_3696375_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agtttactagcgaaagctaagaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagat
ttaGcatgtgaatcaatttagaag
>ECK125137830_yhjRp5_reverse_3696356_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agaaataaacctaccattgaaattaaaacttatcagatttagcatgtgaatcaattt
agaAggtcacaagacgtgtgattt
>ECK125137839_yhjXp6_reverse_3712097_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtgaataattgtcgcgtcattcattcctgaactaaggcatttcattccgttctgat
ggcAtttcatgccgtttttcccca
>ECK125137852_yiaBp1_reverse_3727797_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attaatatttagtatgaatttattctgaaaatcatttgttaatggcatttttcagtt
ttgTctttcgttggttactcgtaa
>ECK120033257_yiaKp2_forward_3742720_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
tatatttgaaatcaagtttcgcatattgaaattttaagccaaaaaagcgatcaaaaa
aacAaggaagcctgggatgaaagt
>ECK125137876_yibBp6_reverse_3793834_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atagaggtgcaaggatgctaattgcaacaaactagtttgggttttagctagtccttc
atgGcggatgttggttttgcatgt
>ECK125137868_yibGp6_forward_3768064_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaatggatacagtgctaacagcaccaacgaaccttaattcaaataaggatctaatg
gctAtaacaacaaaagaccttggt
>ECK120016718_yicJp_reverse_3836664_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaaacaagttgatttgatatattaaatgaacaaattaatcttgatggcagtctgatt
attGgtgaagtttatagtcagttt
>ECK125137893_yicNp4_reverse_3842509_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cggctttatgtcgtactgcatcatgaaagtatgcaccgggcgctggcgcgatctgaa
cctGtgtgtggtggtggtcgcagc
>ECK125137894_yicOp1_reverse_3843957_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggtattcagcccggctaatgtgatgaaatttatggttaatagaattattcatatt
tttCtcattttgattttatcaatt
>ECK125137897_yicOp11_reverse_3843819_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcaattgaaatgtgataattatcactgaaccgttgttgtcatttgttttacaaaag
caaGggattaaatctcctccaatg
>ECK125137895_yicOp5_reverse_3843880_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatttgattattatttatcataaagaaacgtcgcgagattattaaagaatatccatt
aatGtgcaattgaaatgtgataat
>ECK120010004_yidQp_forward_3867544_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccagaacacccatcaggcgcgtcctcatcggctacgatgtaaaaatgggtctggaaa
tgaActtttcaagccttatcagcg
>ECK120016709_yieEp_forward_3893829_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
aaagttgtaataagcttgtctgaatcgaacttttagccgctttagtctgtccatcat
tccAgtaaatgattactcttgtat
>ECK125137905_yieHp4_forward_3896657_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgatgactcattatctatttccgaacaaggagggaaaatccgtcgctatcgtata
ccaAaatgcgacaataggcgcgtt
>ECK125137908_yieKp2_reverse_3899464_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgagcttgagcagaaaaaaattaactttgattaccaggaatatccgggtctgaac
catGaaatggatgtctggcgacca
>ECK125137942_yihFp1_forward_4044175_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctgataatgcatcctgccgctggacattatttcagcataagtggatattcaaagt
tttGctgttttatcagggaatatt
>ECK125137943_yihFp4_forward_4044055_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttcagcagtatgctgatacagtgaaatatctgtccgagaaaaaataattcaatg
taaAttacataaagcccgtgaata
>ECK125137949_yihLp2_forward_4060253_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcgtcgccgcgccaaccgcgcaccgaaagacgattaatttcgttttttagtcataa
aaaAcctgccagcgatggcaggtt
>ECK125137952_yihNp5_forward_4062166_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acaaatcaaacaagaggcaaaccatcttctgaaccactaataagttttaactcatac
gcaGttaataaaaccattccatat
>ECK125137955_yihQp1_reverse_4069446_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgttttttaatatttacggacagagaaaataacttgtattgattagcagtcaaaatc
attGaagaacatttcactcgctaa
>ECK120009970_yiiSp_forward_4112869_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Strong
gcaaatgacaatacccggaaaatccttctgaactcttcaccttaagcaatatcaaaa
aaaAtggtaatccataagatcatt
>ECK125137977_yijEp5_forward_4136089_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcggctgcttgctggcagtcgctgaacgttctttaccagcgtatagtgggcgaacg
aaaActacacactggatctctcat
>ECK125138007_yjcEp7_forward_4279835_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcgttatcgccgtggcgctggtgaccttctatgcgggtggctgggctatctaatct
ttcAtcggattctgaaaacgggtg
>ECK125138038_yjfPp5_forward_4416935_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattatgaactaataccgccagcagaaacttgtgctaaggatttcttcatgtcatac
cagAcaaaaaggagagacagatga
>ECK125138073_yjgZp1_forward_4501058_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccgtcacccggacagacaccgttatggacttctcttgttgcacgatcgatcaatt
gttAtgcatgctgacaccacaacc
>ECK125138078_yjhBp7_forward_4503882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atatctggcgaacattgttttttgttggtgacccaaaactgtaggtgggtatcagtt
ttaTctttcatagagtgaaatatg
>ECK125138089_yjhGp4_reverse_4524226_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tactacaactgcccgctatttacgccctcgaaacaccgtttgtctcactgatcaaat
acaGcatgcagtgtgtcgggctgc
>ECK125138104_yjiAp7_reverse_4589048_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggctttgttcttatcagagtgaactatgtttggtaacttaggacaggcaaaaa
aatAtctcggccaggcggcgaaga
>ECK125138093_yjiJp4_reverse_4562682_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggctggcatgcttcacctttttgttattaacttgttaacaacaaaaatgacaaac
aagGttaaacatgccttcgtccac
>ECK125138095_yjiKp7_reverse_4563730_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggctgacctgtccccccggcgaggaaatacaatgggtgatccctgggctgactgag
tcaAtttattgccagcaggatggt
>ECK125138105_yjiYp3_reverse_4591347_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accttactttacgcgcgcgtaactctggcaacatcactacaggatagcggtcaattt
accTcctcaaacgcaacgcaaacc
>ECK125138112_yjjAp1_reverse_4600337_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccaaacgcccaaccgggatgctgaccaacagtaatatggaagagatgaccaagtt
gctGggcgaacgcgtgatggaccg
>ECK125138107_yjjLp6_reverse_4594844_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggttttatcaaaagataaataccgggaaattcccgcttacctatgctcacaa
tcaGtcgactaaaaatgtttttgt
>ECK125138109_yjjLp8_reverse_4594882_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cattaagtacggattaaaaacagcaaactattagcgggtgcacggttttatcaaaag
ataAataccgggaaattcccgctt
>ECK125138128_yjtDp8_forward_4640838_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttaacaactcaaccgttagtacagtcaggaaatagtttagccttttttaagctaagt
aaaGggctttttctgcgacttacg
>ECK125136415_ykfIp7_reverse_263818_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaatgccggaagctggatgaaacattcccgcactttatcctccagatggaatcgatg
ctgAccaccggtgaactcagcccc
>ECK125136444_ykgBp3_reverse_318376_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggataccattgctgatatagccagaaaatataatgcttcatcctggaaagtcacatc
gatGcgaattgataataattcaac
>ECK125136449_ykgCp1_reverse_320215_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgttccttgtggagcgttaagcatcaacaaacggctaagggcatccatatcagact
cctGagtggtttttgattacaaac
>ECK125136435_ykgJp2_reverse_304258_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attagtacgtaaaatcggtaacggctggaaatcattcaatactcacactatcgaaag
ttcCccagccaaccgcggtacgtt
>ECK125136443_ykgLp1_forward_311939_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagcccccaagagccagattaagtgaagttaaacgaaggctgccagctgtcacagg
aacGatggcctttttgtcagggca
>ECK125136521_ylbAp2_reverse_544056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgccgaaggggtcaaaacgttggcactcatgctttatcaacttgcctggcagaaa
taaGgagtcataaatgggatattt
>ECK125136739_ymdBp4_forward_1105738_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cttgataaacagaaaaagctggctgtaatgaacatcgaatataactaagtttctgaa
caaCtcacgttgctgagcagaaaa
>ECK125136784_ymfIp1_forward_1201440_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacgctaaggattctctctggttgaaaatacttagctgttatgtgcctgtcttttc
accActtcaggctcggtggtatgc
>ECK125136787_ymfJp9_reverse_1202259_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctctataattggtactgtgattttctcaggaaaaccaagaagatacaaaatcaaagc
ctaAtcaatgtttatgaacctgct
>ECK125136820_ymgEp6_forward_1244579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaactgtctttggtttatcggtcacag
ttaAcaaaacttaatacaaatgcg
>ECK125136806_ymgFp1_forward_1218814_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttcagcagggttattatttctataaacctgttacatacatcgacctggtcaaaa
ttaTcctttctaaaccgaaggtga
>ECK125136952_yncBp4_forward_1518892_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaacggatggacatgtctggcctcaataaaataatgatgatgatgttatcaatact
atcGaaaacagcccgaagcaacgg
>ECK125136976_yneEp5_reverse_1609182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtccgttgtgctaataacaccgttacttctgaacccggtttcgaccgggtttcttat
ttcAccatattagttacaacatcc
>ECK125136978_yneFp7_reverse_1611874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agggtacctttatttgccgccgctgtcagcgaacatgctatcttggttcggtcagta
ttgAtagtctggatttctggcctt
>ECK125137005_ynfAp7_reverse_1655679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagggtgtttatattgatgatattatgtcgccctataactatacatgatgtcaataa
gagAcaaagatgattaaaacaacg
>ECK125137007_ynfDp6_forward_1657414_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttagagaaactggccatctcaggggtaaatgaaagtgttacctctgtgcggtcacat
cctGtgaggaatatcgcgagtaag
>ECK125136993_ynfOp1_forward_1636727_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggtatcgtattaattgatctgcatcaacttaacgtaaaaacaacttcagacaata
caaAtcagcgacactgaatacggg
>ECK125137067_yniAp1_forward_1807719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctgggaggaatggaatagcaacagaaaataaatggtttttgggcaataatcagtct
gtgGtgtgcgttagctcgtgtttt
>ECK125137069_yniAp7_forward_1807579_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggatgatgagggaaatatccatgagctgggaactaacacttttggacttatcagtac
ccaAagtgaagaagaaattagaga
>ECK125137063_yniDp6_forward_1805101_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaacgcagaaacagtgaccatgtgcacaacgccacccgacggctgtaataacaaaaa
atcCcttgatgcctgtcccttttg
>ECK125137081_ynjIp1_reverse_1845011_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggctgcaccgcgtaaacgtagtgcgaaaaaaagtccgccagcagatgaagtcggaag
cggGgcgatagcgtaagcgagtga
>ECK125137109_yoaCp1_forward_1893966_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcaactctggttttctttcttagctgaacaatctggttatagcgtgcggactgacc
gttAaatttctccatcttactgga
>ECK125137112_yoaHp1_reverse_1894933_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctttaccgaaagtggttaaagtgcaaatcggctcggcgaccacaatatcaaagcg
gctAtacggatgatcggcatagcc
>ECK125137187_yodBp16_forward_2042294_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccattgcttatattggctggttacaatatgcactatcaattttttaaataacaaatt
attAaaaccacatctgtataagga
>ECK125137255_yohCp3_reverse_2225679_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaggacgttcatcagacagtgaaaattacatgggcgaacaaaaaataatcacaag
ctgActtatacttgaactgtcagg
>ECK125137257_yohDp2_forward_2225763_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcccatgtaattttcactgtctgatgaacgtcctttttcagcgtgaatgattcacag
ggtGtatgcttactggcaaccaaa
>ECK125137361_ypdIp1_forward_2494494_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgccgccatcatattgggtgagcatgaaatgagaaatcagagagcaacggtcatttt
gaaAgggttatcttacagttgtag
>ECK125137392_ypfMp2_reverse_2591070_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaataatattaaacatttttaacgtaaacattaagaatattcatcttgttatctgtc
tgtAttttaaccagaattaaatca
>ECK125137459_ypjAp8_reverse_2782822_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcatcatgatgtctttgatgagcggtgaacacaatacacttgcgctgtctcttc
aggAtgaatcccctggtctggtgc
>ECK125137508_yqeFp1_reverse_2985624_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cctttgtgataaaaatcactttttttaaacaattaagataactgtaattaacaatca
tttActattgcactgttaattggt
>ECK125137510_yqeFp11_reverse_2985809_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctttagaccaaatattagacattatctgaacgtatcatctacaaattaaacaaaat
ggaGggcaatttaccataaaccag
>ECK125137509_yqeFp8_reverse_2985701_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctacccctctattggtgggttagtggttgcaaaccttacgtgccagttatgtctctg
actGctgctcaggcatatttcctt
>ECK125137511_yqeGp1_forward_2985719_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaaaaaagtgatttttatcacaaaggaaatatgcctgagcagcagtcagagacataa
ctgGcacgtaaggtttgcaaccac
>ECK125137516_yqeIp1_forward_2988344_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cacgaaaaattcagaagcattacgaaatatgaatttacaaacaatagtggcataaat
gttAaccatgttaatttacgtaaa
>ECK125137523_yqeKp12_reverse_2990570_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttttcttatttttgttctcctgatcaggaactaatggttgcagtggtaggctatta
ttaAtatttcgtggcttcatttta
>ECK125137545_yqfAp10_reverse_3043364_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctgaaaaacatgcagagcaggaaaatatgaccctgactgaactgaaaaaagtcattg
ctgAcatctatcccggtcagacac
>ECK125137562_yqgAp1_forward_3109534_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctttgcgaacaaacaagccatcgacggcaccaaacggtcataataagaaaatcaaac
aatAcagctaacaggaactcttgt
>ECK125137548_yqgBp1_reverse_3086250_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccgtggaggtgatacgaaataatgaaccgttgtctgctgcttaacctgtctcaccg
ttcTggtgaagattcgttccccgc
>ECK125137590_yqhCp1_reverse_3155384_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcatcgtgaggaatttgttcgcgtaaaccagcgattgcgcctttaccaaacagaat
gcgGgttggggtgtgcagattaaa
>ECK125137612_yqiCp1_forward_3184831_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttctggtttatgacttacccttatcgcactacaatggcactcaacacctatcagtac
aggGaaactacaatgattgacccg
>ECK120010007_yqjAp2_forward_3247643_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gacctttgttacaattagattcaatttgaatttatgtttttgaatgctttcttatct
cacGatttaacagggaatagttca
>ECK125137665_yraHp4_forward_3287365_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcttaaagttcagtctatttaatgttcaatgaaatatttctgcctgtataatcttta
aagAtgttgaacatatattcacat
>ECK120010003_yraPp_forward_3296349_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
atccgcattccttcgcatcgtagtgctcgcattcaggaaatgcatatgctgacggta
aatTgcctgtgcgatctgatcgat

