>ECK125136964_adhPp5_reverse_1553994_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig28
cctctgccgaagccctgcaacaggccattgacgataatttctggcaagccgaatacc
gcgActaccgccgtacctccatct
>ECK120009893_aerp_reverse_3219120_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong_Sig28
aattgcgatctaaatcaaattaatcggttaaagataaccgcagcggggccgacataa
actCtgacaagaagttaacaacca
>ECK125137639_alxp3_forward_3238555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig28
cttgccggaaggcgaggtctatgcataaaaagcagcggctgacgtcttccgacgttg
gccGtttttttatgtgtaaggaac
>ECK125136492_ampGp6_reverse_453684_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig28
accaaaaactatcgtgccagctacaacgttgaaggtgcgttccaggcctccaacaaa
aatAtcgccgatgcggttaacagt
>ECK125137915_aspTp1_forward_3946780_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak_Sig28
gtggtcccacctgaccccatgccgaactcagaagtgaaacgccgtagcgccgatggt
agtGtggggtctccccatgcgaga
>ECK125136355_caiEp3_reverse_35499_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctggcgattgcggcgctgaaagagatctaccgcaccaccagcgaaatgccggtagaa
gaaGcgtatcgctatattcgcagc
>ECK125136357_caiEp7_reverse_35399_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catcggttctgcattcggaagatgccattgaagggccgctggcgtttgccgagaagc
gcgAtccggtgtggaaaggacgtt
>ECK125137075_chbGp5_reverse_1817312_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gataaagtaatggggctgattcacaccattaaaggcttcgagattgctgccagtaac
gccGcacttagcggagaatttaac
>ECK125137208_cldp10_reverse_2098475_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgacgtcattatctctaaccgaatggcagaagagcttaaggatgtggcagataagg
tatAcacccgcgatctctttggca
>ECK125136672_clpSp7_forward_922912_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taagctcttgtcagcggcagggcgttctgccgataaccgtaaccgaagatgataact
gacAatgggtaaaacgaacgactg
>ECK125136578_cobCp6_reverse_670046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataacccggaagatcttcaccttcagcctgccggtaaaatttatctggctgaaacgc
cgtGgtttaacatctcggcgacca
>ECK125137806_dcrBp8_forward_3609913_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tccgaaatcaacgctttgcaggcgagttaaaggttcgttatcagagttgtgataaga
tggAtgaatgagccgttatggccg
>ECK125137106_dmlAp4_forward_1881712_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgtaacaacaccacgtttagcgtttgctccagcaaggcgatgcgcttgctgacgaac
gccGgtgaaacgcccagttcttcc
>ECK125136390_dxrp4_forward_193338_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgacaaagtgaaagcactgttgaaagataaagagatcagcgaagacgacgatcgcc
gttCtcaggacgatgtacagaaac
>ECK125137290_ecop7_forward_2303851_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtctgaatgttctttaagttattcataaagcaaattaataaatctgatgaatatg
ttaAccttcagcgacatcatcggt
>ECK120009892_flgKp_forward_1138351_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaacattgataatctgttctgaataactcaagtccggcgggtcgctgccgataatac
tctGtaattgaaggcttataagga
>ECK120009891_flgMp_reverse_1130165_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaatattcttataaacctgtaagctgttaaagattacccgtcccttgccgataaata
agcAacacatgataaaagcgccct
>ECK125137156_flhCp3_reverse_1977932_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgacagccaccagacgattactcagttgacgcaagattcccgcgttgacgatctcc
agcAaattcataccggcatcatgc
>ECK120010568_fliAp2_reverse_2001808_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
acccactaatcgtccgattaaaaaccctgcagaaacggataatcatgccgataactc
ataTaacgcagggctgtttatcgt
>ECK120009887_fliCp_reverse_2003676_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[FP|S|Footprinting]_Strong
aaaaatggctgtttttgaaaaaaattctaaaggttgttttacgacagacgataacag
ggtTgacggcgattgagccgacgg
>ECK120016224_fliEp_reverse_2013093_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaaaattgacgctcccattatttgtgctttcgtttttttctatccgccaataaacc
cgtTtttttgttgctatttagcgc
>ECK120016703_fliFp_forward_2013205_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
caatttttcgagtttgctgacccgggagtgagtcttgttccactttgccaataacgc
cgtCcataatcagccacgaggtgc
>ECK120010634_fliLp2_forward_2019595_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ccgcgtcttttccccgctttgttgcgctcaagacgcaggataattagccgataagca
gtaGcgacacaggaagaccgcaac
>ECK120009886_flxAp_forward_1646388_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
aacaattaatgacacaagaaatacgattaaagatttttttgtgcatgccgatagtgc
tttTttaaaaggagaaatctatgt
>ECK125137968_frvRp4_reverse_4089902_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atttcaaaagccgattacgaagctctgctcacgctgatacggggttttctgacgacc
ttaActgcggagaaagtcaacgcg
>ECK125137364_fryAp6_reverse_2504493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtcttacgcgtgagacggttgttcaactgacggatttcagatgatctcctgattaac
ccgGagcggttatgttaacgattc
>ECK125136624_galMp4_reverse_788898_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcgcgctgatcccggaagagctggtgcctgccgtacagcaagctgtcgctgaacaat
atgAagcaaaaacaggtattaaag
>ECK125137847_ghrBp2_forward_3717189_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacccaatcgccagcaacagcaccgcagaaggtaaggcgcaaaaccgccgtgtagaa
attAccttaagcccgctgtaatcc
>ECK125137572_glcAp12_reverse_3121321_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgctgtaaagtataacgcctatattttacagttcagtcctcttttgcttattacaa
cctTaagtatatcaagcatataaa
>ECK125137911_glmSp2_reverse_3913811_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actcagaaagaaggctggcgtcgtccggtaaagaaaaagtgattctggccggctaac
ccgGtcacatgggatgaggagata
>ECK125137772_greBp8_forward_3536744_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgttacaaagcatattaaacagcagcttaagtatacaatttattcggcgaaacatt
attGattctgttgatatgatcacg
>ECK125137917_hdfRp6_reverse_3948160_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caactcattgaaggcataaccatgacgctcaagcagttgtgcctctttgatggtgaa
atcAccatgacgagagaatccacg
>ECK120015403_hemLp_reverse_174921_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
gcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacata
gaaTagcagccattcactttttct
>ECK125109035_hemLp1_reverse_174902_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[IEP|W|Inferred from expression pattern]_Weak
gatgtttgacgagtatttaacttgttatgaataacatagaatagcagccattcactt
tttCtacgaatcaggaaccctcca
>ECK125109036_hemLp2_reverse_174941_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tactctaagaaatcaggattgcaccagtacaagcagcctgatgtttgacgagtattt
aacTtgttatgaataacatagaat
>ECK125137766_hslOp3_forward_3529733_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgccgcacccggaccgacgcccggacaaaaaagagcgccgcgacctgttacgattta
aacAcggcgacagtgaataactgt
>ECK125137914_hsrAp6_reverse_3940706_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcacgtcaattaccagcgacacagtgataaagctggatctgcatcaggcgattgtc
gatGcgattatccaaagcgatggc
>ECK125137199_insHp4_reverse_2067511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctaaatgttgaagaattatcccgcctgctgaagaacgttgctctgagtgtgataaac
cttTttattcttgatgatgtcagc
>ECK125136882_insHp7_forward_1395971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcagcgatcattgttttatcaggctcctccagataattgtcgtcatgccggaaacc
cctGgcggggctattttaccgcga
>ECK125136552_insLp5_forward_608056_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcggggagtaatcccataagcgctaacttaagggttgtggtattacgcctgatatga
tttAacgtgccgatgaattactct
>ECK125137473_ispFp2_reverse_2871911_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacatgactgtctgacgcgcgctctaaatgaaggcgcgactattaccgacgaagcc
tcgGcgctggaatattgcggattc
>ECK125137430_kgtPp7_reverse_2725760_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aatatttcctttacaaaaaaaataaacaaaagcgaccgacaaaagcatcggattacg
gcaGgagacataatggcatggctg
>ECK120015438_lolBp_reverse_1263556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ttgccgaaagccgttagattctggcaattaagacaacttgaacatagacgatagcgg
acgGtaacgctagcattaagggtt
>ECK125136768_lolCp6_forward_1175374_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatttacgggggcttttcagattagccctgacgatcacttacagttcagacgtttac
ccaTcttgctttcgcttatatact
>ECK120029594_modAp1_forward_794995_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccgcttagtcgggcattttctttttctcaacttcctgcttttcctgccgatattttt
tctTatctacctcacaaaggttag
>ECK120009888_motAp_reverse_1977302_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
accgccatcccgggcagtaaaaagacgtaaactttcccagaatcctgccgatattat
cccAcaactgctggatgaacagag
>ECK125137685_nlpIp2_reverse_3309040_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagaagcgactgagcagtctcaacctgctgcagcaccggaagctccggctgctgaac
aggGcgagtaaggttgccatttgc
>ECK125137761_nudEp9_reverse_3526329_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caagcgtggagtttaacttgagcatcattaagcacatcacagtaaccgctgatcata
gcaAaccctctgaaggcggaatat
>ECK125136777_nudJp6_reverse_1194437_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cgcggaatccaccaattcgtgaacgcaaaagtattcccaccagctggctgaagatca
cctTatatgaaggacgtaatcgcc
>ECK120010266_oppAp_forward_1301085_[NTAS|W|Non-traceable author statement],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
atcgtctgaatcaccagaataaataaagtcggtgatagtaatacgtaacgataaagt
aacCtgacagcagaaagtctccga
>ECK125137406_pbpCp1_reverse_2647493_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttactgaaccagatgcagcaggcgagcattaagcacattgagttccgtgacgatcgc
tttGtggcggcggttgccgttgat
>ECK125137982_pflDp4_forward_4143858_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atggtgattctgaccaaagatatcggcatcaagtttgaagagcgttttgctggcaag
accAtcgtgcgcgtcaacatcagc
>ECK125136863_pgpBp8_forward_1339182_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttggcagtttggcttctgccacacgtttaagctgcatgaaattctccagataatg
ctgGttctgtattggcttattttg
>ECK120029592_ppdAp_reverse_2964220_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gaaattttgcaacgtcctgcaacggcgtaaatagtccggaagatgcgccgaagaaat
agaAactggccctcgtcttttttt
>ECK125137394_ppkp5_forward_2622874_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgccgcgtggctggatggtcaacgtctgccgccgcagggctacgctgccgacgagt
aatAcccccgtaattaaagcgcca
>ECK125137123_prcp1_reverse_1915027_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaggcgctgaacgtaaacctcgtgcgcaaaagccggtagagaaagcgccaaaaaca
gtaAaagcacctcgcgaagaacag
>ECK125137989_purDp1_reverse_4205986_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taatccagcctggcggttctatccgtgatgacgaagtgattgccgccgccgacgagc
acgGtattgcgatgctcttcaccg
>ECK125137296_rcsCp5_reverse_2319979_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaatccactagtcttgtccggtatatgacgattatcagaggttaaggtgatgattt
ctcGgcggtgtatcatattccaga
>ECK125137931_rhtCp2_forward_4007739_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatgacgaagagtagtcagcagcataaaaaagtgccagtatgaagactccgtaaacg
tttCccccgcgagtcaaatgtatg
>ECK125137996_rluFp6_forward_4230162_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttacccggcagcgtcgagttactcaataaaagcagttccattacttctccggttagt
aagAaatcacgggaggcatgctac
>ECK125136562_rnkp7_reverse_644180_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaactgtggcaaaacctttgtgattgataaagcgggttattaatcatctgatttac
aaaAcacgctaattcgtcttccat
>ECK125137796_rsmDp11_forward_3604315_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcctcgctgttgcttcatggcacagcgttaacgctatgtacatagcagctaaaaaa
atgAtgaaatagtctatcacttaa
>ECK125137673_rsmIp6_reverse_3293393_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaacaggcagacaacgcgcggctttcaaacgagaaaatgttgagggtaccataat
gtaTccagtgatattttttttacg
>ECK125137777_rtcAp6_reverse_3556948_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attcgtgccaccgcgcatgtggaatgccgtaaagatgccgaagtgatcgacgaaatc
ccgAtggcgtataaagatattgat
>ECK125137745_slyDp5_reverse_3478540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccggactagcgatatgcgccgagtttttttaagctagtgagtacacggctgcagaat
tccGctacaatctgcgccactatt
>ECK125138060_tabAp5_forward_4474783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gccttgacccgaaaggcgggaaagcgcctgccgataagttgtgataagacaataatt
cacGcgttaaggctagcggaattg
>ECK120009894_tarp_reverse_1972716_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
caatttcgcggcgggtggcatcagcaataaagtttcccccctccttgccgataacga
gatCaacttgttttcaggaaggtg
>ECK125137722_tldDp7_reverse_3392184_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgacgctgtgcgtcttatcaggcctacaaacggaacataaccgtaggtcggataag
gcgTttacgccgcatccgacagcc
>ECK125136723_torTp7_forward_1056207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atccagagtcttcgggtcagggttaaattcacggtcggtgcactttaggtgaaaaag
gttGagtcgcaaagcggaatgcat
>ECK120034223_trgp1_forward_1492439_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[HTTIM|S|High-throughput transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
tgtgacgcaaagaggtttttggtcataagtaattaccgtcaagtgccgatgactttc
tatCaggagtaaacctggacgaga
>ECK125136851_trpAp8_reverse_1317241_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tggtggttaacctttccggtcgcggcgataaagacatcttcaccgttcacgatattt
tgaAagcacgaggggaaatctgat
>ECK120009889_tsrp_forward_4591633_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
ctcggcgtaatctccgcgggatattcataaagtttttcctttccaggccgaaaatct
tgcAtcggtccacaggaaagagaa
>ECK125137936_ubiEp4_forward_4018747_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttcggtcggttccggagcagccgaatgatgaagcttatcaacgcgatgatgaatata
atcAgcagtcgcgctagcccattg
>ECK120015380_vesp_reverse_1824984_[TIM|S|Transcription initiation mapping]_Strong
agttgtaaaaaaagcctgatcaccactaacgtaaatcacccgagttgccgataacca
tccAcggttacctgaacgataaca
>ECK125136427_yagGp9_forward_285207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
taaaaaagcgctcggaatttaattattttaagagataaaaccgtctgcggaatattt
cccGcagacggctttgttgttttt
>ECK125136480_yaiIp3_forward_405723_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aaattcattgttttgataatcgctggcagaagcataaacagaactatgccggaaggc
aaaAgcgcgacacaatagaggatt
>ECK125136500_ybaMp3_reverse_490324_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacgctgcatcgtgaagtggaagcctatgaagcgcgcctggcacgctgccgccatgc
gctGgaaaaaatcgaaaacaggtt
>ECK125136504_ybaNp9_forward_490879_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acctcaatgaaaatgataattgttatgctaaagtagccactctgtaagctgacaaca
ctcAatatgcaacgaatcatttta
>ECK125136495_ybaYp3_forward_475245_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgcagcaagccaaagtgagttgagtataacgcaaatttgctactggtccgatgggt
gcaAtggtctgaattacgggctaa
>ECK125136515_ybbJp1_reverse_515077_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggcgaacgtcagtcggcgtttttacaggctgaagcgcgtgaacgttccgccgaagca
gaaGcccgcgccaccaaaatggtg
>ECK125136550_ybdJp5_reverse_606264_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gatggcggctcgctgattgggctggtgaaaaagcattgtgagatctgggccggtgac
taaGccgggaattgccttacagaa
>ECK125136603_ybfAp8_forward_729082_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without Human oversight],[RS-EPT-CBR|S|RNA-seq using two enrichment strategies for primary transcripts and consistent biological replicates]_Strong
agtggtcggatgagtagtaaaattacacaaaaggcggtactattttcatcagataaa
caaAttcatttttccggtgccatt
>ECK125136635_ybhNp5_reverse_822648_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tcagcaggtggatgaaaccatgctgcccaaacgcacctggtggaacctgaccaaaag
cgtGctggcgttccactttttacg
>ECK125136655_ybiWp4_reverse_862783_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gggctttaatgccgacgaaacctctgtaaaagccattaccgattttgccgccgacga
gctGcacgttggcgaaattcattt
>ECK125136639_ybiXp2_reverse_839274_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtcgcctcaatcaacaagagcggctaccgttatcacccgggcgagccaagaacct
tctTgctcacagccaatatgcatt
>ECK125136691_ycaIp8_forward_964108_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gaaaatacgttcctcactttaaacctggtaaagaactgcgcgatcgcgccaatattt
acgGttaagttttttactcaaact
>ECK125136740_yceIp5_reverse_1118641_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggtaaaccgatcagcgtttttggctggtttgacgtccccgcgacccttgccgacgct
ggcGcacaggcagactttgccggt
>ECK125136775_ycfDp5_reverse_1188270_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ccgaaagatgaataaatatgcccatacttcacgcattacgttaagcatccgttataa
tcgGttgcagataccagcctgtgg
>ECK120009895_ycgRp_reverse_1244556_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
catgtaaaaaatattcacgcatttgtattaagttttgttaactgtgaccgataaacc
aaaGacagtttgtcagtcaggagt
>ECK125136919_ydcFp4_forward_1487231_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
cagagtgctccgcttctcactattatctcacgcagtattcttaagggaacgataagg
aggAaccatgaacattaccccgtt
>ECK120029596_yecFp_forward_1995717_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gataaaaatatttattggtcattatattaacgtattttatagcactgccgatatcac
gctCaaaaaacaaccactgctatt
>ECK125137166_yecHp5_reverse_1989652_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ataaaaacacttcccagggttctgtttttcacgctttcttctgtcctgacgatcttt
atgAgtgatatctgcggcgcaggt
>ECK125137164_yecJp4_reverse_1987802_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctccggcaggtttttttgtgtcctgatgacggtggatgtgactatcgctgaagatg
tgaAgtcgctactataacggcttt
>ECK125137181_yedVp6_reverse_2038202_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtggacgtcgccattcgcaggctccgcgcaaaagttgatgatccttttcctgaaaag
ctaAttgccacaatccgggggatg
>ECK125137278_yeiRp3_forward_2267742_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caggcgctattaaacaccctcaaaatttaacgatttctgcggttaaagcggatgaag
ctcAccttcgtccgctctcccctt
>ECK125137304_yfaDp5_forward_2356690_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacctgtaaatggcagattgagatgtccacaagtcttcgctgcgaacatccgattac
gctActggcccaggcgctggctta
>ECK125137357_yfdPp9_forward_2473572_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tctgacagttgagaaaatgccgctgcctgaagcttcgcaacgttaagctgataaaca
ttcGacgcattgcggttatgatga
>ECK125137381_yfeXp5_reverse_2550678_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
accagttcagcggggaatggcgtggtcctgaagggttaatgccttcggacgataccc
tgaAaaactggaaagtcagtaaaa
>ECK125137382_yfeZp3_reverse_2551921_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
acgtggtcggaacggtgatgggcggttatgacgggcatcgcgggtctgcttattatc
ttgGcgtgcatccagagtttcgtg
>ECK125137439_yfiRp8_forward_2741702_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aacaatgttgaaaatgccagccaactgcatgaagtatggcaaaaaggggctgatgaa
aatGccagcacaatacgattaaat
>ECK120029593_ygbKp_forward_2862197_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
cccgcattcagccgtcgatatttttgttaaggatcttggtctggttgccgatacagc
caaAgccctgcacttcccgctgcc
>ECK125137491_ygdGp2_forward_2930873_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gtaccagcgagccgcgcgtctgcctcgataaagttatcgaaaccatgtacgaaacag
gtaAagatatgaacgccaagtacc
>ECK125137503_ygdRp5_forward_2971247_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttaagattttcctgctttcaagatatataacgtcggtttataaacagactattatc
ataGgtaggccaaatgaggataac
>ECK125137561_yggLp3_reverse_3102254_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
actgggaaccttatgcggaacatatgcttgaagtgatgtcttctattgacggttata
aaaAcctgtcagagagcaatgatt
>ECK125137638_ygjQp6_forward_3236462_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
agcttgagttcgacacccgactgtggctaacgcagttgtcgcttgggcagaacaaaa
tctGaaaatgatgtcaggcgttat
>ECK125137703_yhcFp5_forward_3366889_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcctcacactgacaatggctccagcttttaaggatgaaggggaactaaccgacatga
cagAtattacaggcaatctgacgg
>ECK125137709_yhcMp4_reverse_3380119_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gttgtcttttgtttccgtagggtgttggcttcaggctccatgcctgcggctgattat
gccActataaccgttaattccaca
>ECK125137818_yhiMp10_forward_3634635_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagactatccggtcttttaccaaataatgaagaataatccctccctggaagataatt
gtaAaaaacaacagcataagaatt
>ECK120009896_yhjHp_reverse_3679229_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
gtgaggaaatttaccccggccaggcggtaaagttctgcccttacgcgccgataatct
ttgTcgagtccgggcagcatcact
>ECK125137920_yifBp9_forward_3949984_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
catttactcccagggctgcgcgggtatgaacaattgacagtgacataagccctcctt
gagTcaccattatgtgcataagat
>ECK125137954_yihOp3_reverse_4065971_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gctggctggtttcttccccggctggatgctgacgcaaattggctatgtgccgaacgt
cgcAcaggctgaccacaccattga
>ECK125137988_yjaHp1_forward_4200511_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgtactggccgcaacccgcagaccggtaaagaaatcaaaattgccgcagctaacgt
accGgcatttgtttctggcaaggc
>ECK125138014_yjcOp3_reverse_4297330_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcctgtaacgagctggttaccgaaaacttaagcccgattacgaaaacgccggagta
caaAtactgcgccgttcgcgtcga
>ECK125109031_yjdAp1_forward_4327079_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
aaacaacacactaaatataaaattatttcttgcagtaattataaaagccgaaaacag
aacTcaaaaacaatctggctaaat
>ECK125138028_yjdLp4_reverse_4356507_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ctcactatccgggctttgaaaccgatattcacggtgcataccgtcaggctgatggcc
gctAtaccgttaaggtattgaaag
>ECK125138057_yjgAp11_reverse_4458046_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcttacgctaatgccggtggtcttgctgacggcaacttccgcaccgtccgatttgc
ctgAggccaactccagcgcagtgg
>ECK125138054_yjgAp5_reverse_4458081_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
attgaattcaacattctccacttcaccataacgcgtgcttacgctaatgccggtggt
cttGctgacggcaacttccgcacc
>ECK125138086_yjhUp8_reverse_4520540_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tgcacggtgacgaatcgctggcgatcaaaaaggggcgatattgaaccttcgattatg
cttGatgggtgtattctcagtaat
>ECK125109033_ykfBp1_reverse_266158_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
ccaggaggtgacggacccgtataccaaagaaaaatactttgagtacgcccatgacgg
caaActgatggggcagctactgat
>ECK125109034_ykfBp2_reverse_266227_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
tatgcaggaaaaaaccgtccagccactgatgaatgcgctgtgtattgccgataacat
caaActggaataccaggaggtgac
>ECK125136451_ykgCp8_reverse_320088_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
atcatgatttttgttttgtgattctgattaagaaaaagaaaatatcagacgataaga
caaAatatcaagcgttgtgaagaa
>ECK125136737_ymdAp9_forward_1105412_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caacctgaaagtatggataacacaaccctcaaggatgactaatcattgaggaaatag
aatAaatgttcagaccttttttaa
>ECK125136821_ymgEp7_forward_1244555_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttgtttcaggaactgctcatggtaatgactcacgcggaaaaactcctgactgacaaa
ctgTctttggtttatcggtcacag
>ECK125136954_yncDp11_reverse_1523276_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcgcgatgaaaacagatgacgtaaatgcatgacgactccctttgatgaaccgatatt
tttGctgcttcacaatgcttcgct
>ECK125137079_ynjFp6_reverse_1841611_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gcttcgatgcccagttcttcgcgtaactcacgcaccagcgcctgccgctgactttca
tccGgctcgactttaccaccggca
>ECK120029595_ynjHp_reverse_1842163_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position],[AIPP|W|Automated inference of promoter position]_Weak
ataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagttttgccacccggctaccgttatcag
tagCagagacaataacgttaagga
>ECK125109029_ynjHp2_reverse_1842188_[HIPP|W|Human inference of promoter position]_Weak
gcaaattaataacgagagtaatctcataaccaaatgcgataactcagacgctaaagt
tttGccacccggctaccgttatca
>ECK125137111_yoaCp7_reverse_1894112_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
caccaatgaaatccagggctttatctattacagcaggcatattcttatccttaaaat
taaCcatgttatcgataaggctat
>ECK125137185_yodBp14_forward_2042261_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tacggccaacagagaaagatacctgtgctcacgccattgcttatattggctggttac
aatAtgcactatcaattttttaaa
>ECK125137417_yphBp2_reverse_2674795_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ttccatatggaaaaatgcgcccatgatctgacggactggaagctgtggccgcgtaac
gccAttacccatcgcttctcgctg
>ECK125137520_yqeIp8_forward_2988415_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
tttacgtaaagttttacgttgcaacattaaagcctcatttcaatcatcatgataaat
ataAaattaatatatatttatgcc
>ECK125137677_yraQp4_reverse_3298207_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
gagcatgaaggcgtgacgattttaagctcttcagaattacgcaaaagagctgaataa
ttaTtcccaagaattgatagtgag
>ECK125137765_yrfFp12_forward_3526403_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
ggttactgtgatgtgcttaatgatgctcaagttaaactccacgcttgccgatagcca
accGcagaatcatgtattgtgtcc
>ECK125138050_ytfIp11_forward_4437617_[ICWHO|W|Inferred computationally without human oversight]_Weak
aagttataaataaaaagagattgtatttaaagtgcaaaaattcaattgctaataagt
tacAttttaataatgagcgttttt
